Even before a fireball in Tlahuelilpan killed at least 98 people, fuel theft was a deadly, worsening problem
The convention defines who is a diplomat and thus entitled to special privileges and immunities
Unless a plan gets some senators to cross the aisle, the shutdown will go on
Brady Corbet uses a wide variety of gimmicks to mask what is at heart a familiar story of an artist corrupted by sh…
Countries in west and central Africa have imported central-bank credibility from Europe
The character and tempo of globalisation have changed. “Slowbalisation” has taken hold
America’s government shutdown is an act of economic self-harm
Researchers at Imperial College, London are trying to develop “self-amplifying” RNA vaccines
Life expectancy in Japan, at 84, is the highest in the world
How the Trump administration is inadvertently encouraging immigrants to apply for American citizenship
A genetically modified Devil's vine, a type of ivy, reduced benzene levels by 1,750mg per cubic metre over eight da…
Unwelcome airport incursions are not the only danger posed by drones
A wellness fad you can get your teeth into From @1843mag
Donald Trump insists that those impacted by the shutdown will “make adjustments”. But how?
Some protesting farmers have worn skulls around their necks to represent the 12,000 debt-ridden colleagues who comm…
A deadly explosion in Mexico punctures the optimism of a new era
The Vienna Convention sets out how sovereign states can establish, maintain and terminate diplomatic relations
Globalisation has given way to a new era of sluggishness. We call it “slowbalisation”
Globalisation has faltered
The steam has gone out of globalisation
Neither the Democratic nor the Republican proposal indicates that the sides are seeking compromise
The economic impact of the federal shutdown is being understated
What is the Vienna Convention?
Rogue drones, the fight against superbugs and cameras that see around corners
Félix Tshisekedi has made friendly noises towards his predecessor Joseph Kabila, calling him “an important politica…
How to deal with rogue drones? We look at the new technology that hopes to tame them in this week's episode of “Bab…
The main constraint to euro zone economies since 2008 has been weak demand
Why Scottish folk music is thriving
Which manager is top of the league? We have built a model to estimate the success of football managers
The French fine against Google is the start of a war
American government workers are feeling the shutdown’s financial impact
France’s data-protection regulator has hit Google with a €50m fine, the biggest yet levied under GDPR
How does Donald Trump's record on job creation or economic growth compare to Barack Obama’s? Consult the Trump trac…
Mick Mulvaney sits down for a fireside chat
Headlines about China’s weak growth are somewhat misleading
The case raises uncomfortable questions about American officials’ uncompromising techniques
What the Supreme Court’s silence on DACA means
It seems DACA recipients will be spared Mr Trump’s hoped-for rollback of the programme until at least the autumn
The Pentagon still regards North Korea as an "extraordinary threat", despite Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un's summit…
Personal data must be regarded as a human right, says @iamwill #OpenFuture
America's long legal reach may have given its own firms an edge over foreign rivals
Thankfully, the technology to combat rogue drones is getting better
Tim Martin's pubs have swapped champagne for English sparkling wine and Jägermeister for "Chorley's number one herb…
William Barr will probably not meddle with the Mueller probe
Gavin Newsom plans to reinstate a requirement that all Californians must have health insurance or face a penalty
A new book contains familiar but sound advice for improving the daily grind—don't work so hard that you lose sleep…
When recession bites, "Corbyn will be seen as a moderate", says Albert Edwards, global strategist at Société Généra…
No force is stronger in Brussels at the moment than the desire to get Brexit out of the way
London's appeal for job-searchers looks to have declined since Brexit, but not catastrophically
From January 29th: The Intelligence podcast, a daily burst of illumination from The Economist’s correspondents. Sub…
Liechtenstein is 300 years old today. Time for it to stop being the butt of jokes From @1843mag
Israel is leading the world in the field of agritech. “Agricultural parks”, using Israeli technology, have mushroom…
Chigozie Obioma employs myth and spirituality to create a vibrant new world
Many from northern Greece have been told since childhood that the Greek monopoly on the word "Macedonia" is sacrosa…
Lost productivity among adults who need glasses is estimated to cost the global economy $227bn annually
Cheer up, it's almost Friday
"An Orchestra of Minorities", Chigozie Obioma's second novel, is a wholly unsentimental epic
Autonomous systems make it harder to assign responsibility for what happens during conflict
Canada's pension fund has more than tripled in portfolio size over the past decade
It looks as though the euro zone economy needs revving up again
Many people keep shtum when they see their bosses making mistakes for fear of appearing foolish or losing their job…
For some investors, Chinese debt is a terrain of untapped profits
A deal collapses at the last minute at Spanish banking's equivalent of Real Madrid
It was not until the 17th century that children began to be seen as innocents who must be protected from the ills o…
A bilingual child's connection to relatives and another culture is good thing in itself. How to bring it about?
Big alliances and mergers could shore up balance-sheets in the car industry. But such transactions are difficult to…
2018 was probably the best year for America's banking industry since the financial crisis
The Intelligence is a new current-affairs podcast from the editors of The Economist. Subscribe now so you don't mis…
The number of naturalisation petitions climbed from 783,062 in 2015 to 986,851 in 2017, according to DHS data
Eight of the 13 pieces of primary legislation the government says are needed for Brexit are still outstanding
Our deputy editor @TomStandage explains why The Economist is launching a new daily podcast, The Intelligence
On this week’s “Money Talks”, Harvard Business School professor @AmyCEdmondson joins host @econbartleby to discuss…
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
Two new books suggest that "the great fairground ride of world population change" is running out of steam
National regulators are rowing over whether managers should ditch the "share-cancellation mechanism"
But without Cary Fukunaga's artistry, “True Detective” needs its central mystery to pay off to be worth the watch
As the euro area begins its third decade, a new slump is looming
Coming soon: The Intelligence is a daily current-affairs podcast that provides a unique perspective on the events s…
Officials renamed the Aiyi river in Ningxia, a region that is home to around 2m Hui, because its name was “Arabic-s…
A poll last month found that Hong Kongers would sooner call themselves “global citizens” than “Chinese”
Companies should work harder to create an atmosphere where workers can speak their minds
Nearly half of all rape cases reported to the police in South Africa fail to result in an arrest
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
Our analysis finds few managers who have beaten expectations for long enough to deserve proper credit. Diego Simeon…
The Campaign to Stop Killer Robots is calling for a pre-emptive ban on “fully autonomous” weapons. The trouble is t…
The rise of populism in Europe is damaging public health
In India, some 23% of girls drop out of school upon reaching puberty, humiliated by their peers and unable to acces…
An hour of “Glass” consists of slow, stilted, cod-philosophical conversations
.@realdanlyons argues that the industry has reduced real wages, made workers feel dehumanised and exposed them to c…
The only ways to avoid leaving with no deal may be to request an extension of the Article 50 negotiating period, or…
This exhibition is important viewing. Harmful stereotypes and gross simplifications about indigenous American cultu…
The most promising way to ensure greater equity may be to make early-years education more widely available and more…
Marie Kondo's stratospheric success highlights the excesses of the 21st century. From the archive
The third season, which premiered on January 13th, has been received by some enthusiasts as a return to form, too
What effect does greater immigration enforcement have on naturalisation rates?
The tech industry has ruined office life, according to one veteran
A genetically modified Devil's vine can remove benzene, chloroform and carbon tetrachloride from the air
In elite sport the mental strength of an athlete can be just as important as physical strength. Sports psychologist…
In truth, governments can do little to change people's minds about how many children to have
Synthetic versions of several “designer” proteins are already in the pipeline, and the wider possibilities are endl…
All too quickly #euroboom has turned to #eurogloom
China is drawing up a five-year plan to “sinicise” Islam, as if the religion had been polluted by links to the outs…
Growing cherries in Chile is now more profitable than making wine
A "stable income is more important to me than respecting the constitution", says a Morales supporter
John Clifton "Jack" Bogle, patron saint of the amateur investor, passed away last week. On “Money Talks”, we rememb…
The Trump administration is driving up citizenship applications
The National Trust aims to “preserve and protect the heritage at our places and spaces—for ever, for everyone”
Counting only the days when Parliament will sit, there are now just 35 days left until Brexit day
Social media companies are not the firms of the future, says @iamwill, writing for The Economist #OpenFuture
Why low-cost airlines sell so many tickets for so little
In Africa, inflation has fallen over the long term. Runaway prices are now the exception, not the rule
To keep autonomous weapons under control, start by looking at the laws of war
In some ways the presidency is less powerful domestically than it was 50 years ago
Is Kamala Harris a typical Californian progressive or something more? In 2016 our Lexington columnist profiled Ms H…
Monetary policy in Africa has become more orthodox
Britain’s effort to leave the EU has become the mother of all messes. Here is the saga of the past few years, drawn…
The euro area is back on the brink of recession
Drug trials for Ebola offer hope for successfully treating the terrifying virus
Morgan is still owned by the family that founded it in 1909, and does not pursue the relentless growth that other c…
Kevin Hassett, chairman of the administartion’s Council of Economic Advisers, says one of his employees is driving…
At cacao ceremonies in Bali, Silicon Valley and Brooklyn, people get together to get high on chocolate From @1843mag
The essence of character and identity are laid bare over the decision to pop a pod in a Nespresso machine or listen…
A new documentary addresses the stigma of menstruation in India
Brexit day is closer than it looks
Kamala Harris has announced that she will run for the presidency in 2020. In 2016 our Lexington columnist profiled…
Could Germany be heading for a recession? We explore the possibility with our Berlin-based Europe correspondent…
Why clerical rage over the “Macedonian question” has modern roots
Germany’s teetering economy, speaking up in the workplace and the patron saint of amateur investors
Today in the German border town of Aachen, Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron renewed their countries' commitment to…
Jeff Bezos was found to be "the most difficult CEO to replace", according to a recent survey by Stanford
Chickens are now the world’s most widely traded meat
Which manager is top of the league? We have built a model to estimate the success of football managers…
Data monarchs such as Facebook and Google know more about us than our family, government or doctor, says @iamwill…
Some think 2019 could be an even better year for America's banks than 2018
There is a short time to prepare for Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un's next meeting. That risks more vaguely worded de…
"The Age of Surveillance Capitalism" takes the dangers of the tech titans too far, in defining them as a Big Brothe…
The premise of “Glass” is disastrously bad
A legal playbook devised to bring down mobsters and racketeers has been repurposed for the corporate world
Donald Trump has foreign carmakers in his sights, adding to their existing cyclical pain
A cheery tale of Chilean cherries
With Brexit ten weeks away, negotiating an entirely different deal to Theresa May's seems impracticable
Hong Kongers could be jailed for disrespecting China’s anthem
Why are people in Hong Kong concerned about a new bridge linking them to mainland China?
Donald Trump is now halfway into his presidency. How has he fared so far?
Add a liver enzyme to a type of ivy to purify the air in buildings
An economic slowdown in the euro zone now looks like more than a one-off
Cases against foreign firms are often opaque, disproportionate and intertwined with America’s commercial interests…
The African Union, initially concerned about the vote, has backed down. It may be more worried about preserving sta…
Children are linguistic sponges, but that doesn't mean that cursory exposure is enough
France and Germany plan to sign a new treaty in Aachen
A government programme providing cheap loans to small and medium-sized enterprises has instead granted them to thos…
In China’s feud with Canada, the gloves are off
South Korea’s approach to planning is starkly unsentimental
Britain’s waning appeal to Europeans
Macky Sall, Senegal’s president, will probably win a second term
History shows the folly of China’s paranoia about Islam
Zimbabwe’s government must give up the myth of parity between dollars and its own “zollars”, which are worth signif…
China is drawing up a five-year plan to “sinicise” Islam, as if the religion had been polluted by links to the outs…
On the eve of the Asian financial crisis, China’s income per person was only about 40% of Indonesia’s. Now it is ab…
The ban forces most of the city’s 6m residents to rely on overcrowded and chaotic public transport to get around
Economists reconsider how much governments can borrow
Mongolians are getting angry about corruption
Michel Houellebecq’s new book is eerily prescient
The movement to stop Bolivia’s President Evo Morales
America’s legal forays against foreign firms vex other countries
Last week Theresa May’s Brexit plan was crushed in a parliamentary vote. The only way out of the mess is to go back…
Macron and Merkel renew their vows
The Economist has built a model that estimates the influence of managers and players, after adjusting for the quali…
“Vox Lux” links shootings and global terrorism to celebrity culture without drawing a meaningful connection between…
A single clothes wash can release up to 700,000 microplastic fibres. Many of these end up in the ocean Supported b…
Rival European cities have increased their share of workers searching for jobs on LinkedIn, compensating for London…
Is Google an evil genius?
Languages are an intimate part of an identity; it is wrenching to try and fail to pass them on to a child
Chickens have become so big that their muscles prevent them from getting on top each other to mate
The ruling that Félix Tshisekedi won the vote flies in the face of evidence that the actual victor was Martin Fayulu
The ceremony takes place 56 years to the day after Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer signed the Elysée Treaty
The narrator is an Igbo chi, a 700-year-old spirit who lives within and loves Chinonso, his "host", but who cannot…
"Most startups," writes Dan Lyons, "are terribly managed, half-assed outfits run by buffoons and bozos and frat boy…
"Most startups," writes Dan Lyons, "are terribly managed, half-assed outfits run by buffoons and bozos and frat boy…
“This is an ill democracy,” says Alioune Tine, a former regional director of Amnesty International
Fear of repression in their home country is causing a growing number of Saudis to flee
How long will Venezuela’s president Nicolás Maduro last?
“Wanderer” hints at a potential new talent in French literature
Some indigenous and social movements that once supported Evo Morales are having doubts
In this week’s “Tasting menu” podcast, @AnneMcElvoy asks: why is modern work so miserable? Plus, a night ride with…
Joseph Kabila’s last desperate gamble to keep control—handing power to the friendly leader of an opposition party—i…
From job creation to the murder rate, The Economist is keeping track of eleven measures that take the temperature o…
Our interactive tool shows which football managers over- and underperform
“Vox Lux” exists somewhere between absurdist comedy and overwrought melodrama. Perhaps that is the point
Why Adam Smith would celebrate Chile's cherry success
China's banks are under pressure to sell off failed loans, and investors hope to profit from them
A genetically modified Devil's vine can remove benzene, chloroform and carbon tetrachloride from the air
Last month a group of single-sex organisations filed two lawsuits against Harvard for restricting their existence
Britain runs the risk of malpractices happening again in a second Brexit referendum, says @anandMenon1 of @ukandeu…
The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board manages pensions for 20m of Canada's citizens
Kengo Kuma is the Japanese architect behind the new Olympic stadium in Tokyo. But he is at his happiest designing m…
Amid allegations of fraud, Congo’s high court confirms a new president
In 1957 56-days-old chickens weighed less than a kilogram. Their current counterparts weigh more than four times th…
Poor monsoons, new taxes and high fuel prices have made the past few years grim for India's farmers
“Artistic Encounters with Indigenous America” is timely and troubling
Britain's Brexit mess, workplace misery and the bikers of Yangon
Tim Martin's Wetherspoons shares lost £18m after the referendum, and at least one in 20 of his staff are EU migrant…
This week on “Tasting menu” we analyse Britain’s Brexit mess. How did the mother of parliaments get itself into the…
Searches for the term "porn for women" increased by 359% in 2017, according to a leading pornography website
A machine that keeps livers alive outside of the body has been recommended for use by British health authorities. L…
Remembering John Bogle, patron saint of the amateur investor
Shivakumara Swami, known to many in India as “the walking god”, has died aged 111. In 2017 we wrote about the debat…
That a second summit between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un is on the cards suggests North Korea may have offered con…
"I've lost my faith in social-media networks to deliver true information," says #OpenFuture
The case of Alstom and GE suggests that foreign companies receive more lenient treatment if they pass into American…
More than fifty years after Martin Luther King's death, his speeches still resonate. Their indelible rhetoric combi…
Two decades after the end of the Troubles, the Irish question is back
Carmakers are worried that a market slowdown could turn into a rout, with a trade war and cyclical declines converg…
Jeff Bezos could see his stake in Amazon cut to 8%
America's anti-corruption probes fall disproportionately on foreign firms
Why are Indian farmers angry?
Albert Edwards has been a steadfast prophet of gloom on the stockmarket for more than two decades
Together Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon turned the SNP into a formidable political machine. Now they have not spo…
Our data should be treated as personal property—and we should be paid for it, says @iamwill #OpenFuture
A debut novel in the mould of German Romanticism
The opportunities for deploying smaller planes in Europe profitably are becoming fewer in number
Success may eliminate the fear, surprise and ruthless efficiency of unexpected viruses
Remedial boot camps have been set up for teenagers in South Korea who have lost interest in offline life
Mr Sall’s two most threatening rivals have been disqualified, a move many voters think was politically motivated
European workers may opt to stay in the EU rather than rely on the hospitality of the British government
Could data be the secret weapon in the battle against strokes?
Santander felt a huge salary for Andrea Orcel would be unacceptable in Spain, a country that suffered severely in t…
The protagonist is played by a Syrian refugee, Zain Al Rafeea, discovered by the casting team chasing chickens in t…
The arch-villain of "The Age of Surveillance Capitalism" is Google, a company that makes a compelling evil genius
Tossing aside procedures on referendum time limits would undermine the legitimacy of a second Brexit vote, says…
A second Brexit referendum would be a rerun of the first—still lacking the most important facts, argues…
There is no equivalent in France to the arrival of a new Houellebecq novel
An Iranian pop star challenges the regime
A new treaty between France and Germany exposes how far the two countries have drifted apart
Chigozie Obioma’s new novel is a triumph
If we do not protest when a million people are detained without trial, when will we speak out?
Since a tenth of working-age Taiwanese live in China, and 29% of exports go there, voters are reluctant to antagoni…
Across the South-East Asian region, motorbikes shift everything from steel piping to families of five
The outcome is a victory for France, which already bans the "share-cancellation mechanism"
Countries can adapt to an ageing population or they can stick their collective heads in the sand
28% of Japanese are older than 65, compared with 21% of Germans and 15% of Americans
General Bai Chongxi showed China that it is possible to be at once a patriot and a devoted Muslim
Why such outrage over China’s anthem?
Air quality in Ulaanbaatar is horrendous, especially in winter when yurt-dwellers at the city’s edge burn dirty coa…
Adding new DNA letters make novel proteins possible
Australia is battling China for influence in the Pacific
Is Serbia still on course to join the European Union?
The difficulties at the heart of the Franco-German alliance stem, in part, from diverging analyses of Europe's plac…
The New England Patriots have reached the NFL Super Bowl, by winning the coin toss and scoring a touchdown on the f…
Donald Trump v Congress
For all the attention bestowed on managers, our analysis shows that their impact is modest
Farmers (and consumers) increasingly prefer fat birds
As Abdelaziz Bouteflika fades, Algeria considers a successor
What do women want? Flattering, comfortable, machine-washable clothing that doesn’t need to be ironed From @1843mag
An entertaining polemic against the tech industry
Eating ceviche in a bus lane felt more National Express than Orient Express From @1843mag
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
At the turn of the millennium, M. Night Shyamalan was the “boy wonder” of American cinema
North Korea has done little toward ending its nuclear programme since June's summit in Singapore
Macedonia gets a new name and a new start
How to tame autonomous weapons
Finding new subjects and new audiences is good for business, and it proves that conservation need not be conservati…
Dan Lyons thinks the world should look for "zebras", startups which turn a profit and improve society at the same t…
Few pieces of design reflect their era as successfully as the Eames rocking chair From @1843mag
With “Capernaum”, Nadine Labaki seeks to draw attention to the weakness of the state
Having children lowers women’s lifetime earnings, an outcome known as the “child penalty”
Since its publication on January 4th, 800,000 copies of “Sérotonine” have been sold in the French-speaking world
In an era of copycats, "An Orchestra of Minorities" is an unusual and brilliantly original book
The first season of “True Detective” was a cultural sensation. Nic Pizzolatto has since tried twice to recreate tha…
Climate-change denial is, in part, the result of lobbying. But psychology also plays a role
Two new books suggest that "the great fairground ride of world population change" is running out of steam
France has nowhere else to turn and Germany, especially after Brexit, has no better partners
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
Timea was forced to work in Canada’s sex industry. Now she’s on a mission to help other victims of human trafficking
Acquiring the best talent makes sense in football. But only for players, not for managers
A second vote on Brexit would only command legitimacy if the process were scrupulously fair, says @alanjrenwick of…
It is impossible to imagine “Vox Lux” succeeding at all without Natalie Portman’s outlandish portrayal
In a referendum in February 2016, a narrow majority voted that Evo Morales should not be able to seek re-election
The trade war with America will dent China’s forthcoming GDP figures. But bigger economic woes loom. We crunch the…
Turkey leads the world in jailed journalists
From New Mexico to Minnesota, Democratic states are debating allowing residents to buy Medicaid
James Watson's lifelong desire to provoke might write a bitter epitaph to an otherwise-great scientific career
In 1957 56-days-old chickens weighed less than a kilogram. Their current counterparts weigh more than four times th…
Canada's pension fund has invested in everything from toll roads in Mexico to rental housing in China
America and North Korea look keen to break an impasse in nuclear negotiations
Years of congressional deadlock have invited the executive to attempt to rule by decree. It has also weakened the s…
Thanks to the rise of escape rooms landlords can now make money from poky offices, shops and basements that are har…
Which manager is top of the league? We have built a model to estimate the success of football managers…
Politics in Illinois encourages conflicts of interest that would be criminal elsewhere
Cracks in the EU's common front are starting to show—the likes of Angela Merkel are preaching patience while the Fr…
Donald Trump says he will hold a second summit with Kim Jong Un
Morgan's supply chain is distinctly local, which could be useful insulation against Brexit
Donald Trump's cabinet is becoming less experienced, and more pliant. Mick Mulvaney's rise reflects this
America has ramped up sanctions aimed at reducing corruption beyond its borders in recent years
Britain has lost "market share" of skilled immigration since 2016
On sentencing and policing the next attorney-general may be less hardline than Jeff Sessions
The most promising way to ensure greater equity may be to make early-years education more widely available and more…
Britons are having a debate about whether to vote again on Brexit. Over the past week, we've published 10 opinion p…
Worldwide the suicide rate is down by 29% since 2000. In America it's up by 18%
“Glass” has barely enough incident for an hour-long pilot of a Netflix series, let alone a two-hour-long film
Opinions on the effects of children's digital-media habits are deeply polarised
Brewers are facing bottlenecks, airline passengers are facing queues, and around 800,000 federal employees are not…
A child who doesn't have a motive to speak a language—either a need, or a strong desire—will often avoid it
Al-Shabab wanted, once again, to punish the Kenyan elite, scare off Western investors and damage the country’s image
The rise of populism in Europe is damaging public health
China, the world's largest car market, shrank for the first time in over 20 years in 2018
Canadian governments have been loth to reform an institution that has so successfully promoted its image
Chickens probably live the worst lives of all farms animals. Can companies like Mcdonald's change that?
American hospitals set prices using multipliers and formulas that are often outdated, and not linked to costs or qu…
Dan Lyons thinks the world should look for "zebras", startups which turn a profit and improve society at the same t…
Tested on mice, the modified molecule has exactly the desired anti-tumour effects
If you have a vague anxiety, Albert Edwards will give it form
In cash terms, America's government borrowed more in the last quarter of 2018 than it did in all of 2006
Early British critics of the referendum worried it would reduce complex questions into simple ones. The 2016 vote f…
A second vote on Brexit would be another campaign full of promises that can't be kept, argues @anandMenon1…
Brexit is the mother of all messes. @t_wainwright explains how to solve it
What the break-up of the world’s richest couple means for Amazon
Theresa May's introverted nature has in many ways contributed to today's Brexit mess
Many owners of emus in America simply abandoned them in 1998. As a result, there are mobs of feral emus in parts of…
Were there a second Brexit referendum, it would be unwise to expand eligibility to include 16- to 17-year-olds, arg…
A "euroboom" that began in 2017 has fizzled out
Senegal is not as corrupt as its neighbours, but it is hardly a model democracy
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
Fourth-quarter earnings brought reassurance rather than renewed worry for America's big banks
Buyers snap up banks' failed loans in the hope of earning good returns, and possessing collateral at cheap prices
Japan has given the world the term "karoshi", or death by overwork
Meet Selly Raby Kane, the west African designer whose clothes are worn by Beyoncé From @1843mag
More than 60% of Greeks oppose the Macedonia deal, according to opinion polls. It will probably go forward, regardl…
The Economist has built a model that estimates the influence of managers and players, after adjusting for the quali…
In Paris, 31% of streets are named after men. Just 2.6% are named after women
It was not until the 17th century that children began to be seen as innocents who must be protected from the ills o…
The symbolic power of France and Germany committing to each other, and to integration, still matters
America is a proud corruption-fighter. But it needs to be more transparent, proportionate and respectful of borders…
Middle-class Serbs in Belgrade form the core of the protests against the president, Aleksandar Vucic
The more China abuses Hong Kong's liberties, the less unification will appeal to Taiwan—which has a thriving democr…
Fewer bees will mean fewer plants and therefore less to eat and less oxygen to breathe
Zimbabwe’s ruling junta is more willing to attack protestors than tackle the economic problems causing people to st…
Chickens have become so big that their muscles prevent them from getting on top each other to mate
The worst hotels I’ve ever stayed in From @1843mag
What is it like being Jewish in modern America? “I hope Pittsburgh was a one-off, but it scared Jews very much. No…
Brexit is the mother of all messes. To solve it, Britain needs more time—and a second referendum. Our cover this we…
Europe's anti-vaxxers are fuelled by fear and a curious mix of libertarianism and anti-expertise herd mentality
Can China become a scientific superpower?
There were at least two periods when Homo sapiens and Homo neanderthalensis interbred, resulting in lasting benefit…
In 1990 28% of Spain was forested; now the proportion is 37%
When essential goods are in short supply, Cubans find inventive uses for government-subsidised condoms
Asylum claims by Saudis rose 318% from 2012 to 2017, according to the UN’s refugee agency
A new Franco-German treaty is supposed to be about renewing and deepening ties—but the countries are actually drift…
With al-Shabab unlikely to be beaten in Somalia soon, Kenya will have to focus on defending its own borders
Children are linguistic sponges, but that doesn't mean that cursory exposure is enough
Humans aside, no species on Earth has a more complex society than that of elephants
Despite a planned jamboree at Aachen, Franco-German relations are at a low ebb
Data alone are not valuable. You are
The panda's diplomatic importance has led to some controversy
Having narrowly survived a no-confidence vote, Greece's Syriza government will likely ratify the Macedonia deal
Since 1992, 23 NBA players have torn their Achilles tendons. Seven never made it back at all
The tech industry has ruined office life, according to one veteran
Investors should favour cash and gold to protect themselves, according to an experienced stockmarket bear
Our analysis found that an overachieving manager’s odds of sustaining that success in a new job are barely better t…
But without Cary Fukunaga's artistry, “True Detective” needs its central mystery to pay off to be worth the watch
It is better to have big classes taught by excellent teachers than smaller groups taught by mediocre ones
American supremacy in imposing global anti-corruption norms may give American firms an advantage
Shoshana Zuboff argues that users are sleepwalking into a world designed more for the benefit of those who hoover u…
Legacy incomes now fund six in ten of Britain's lifeboats, two in three of its guide dogs and half its rescued cats
Chickens are now the world’s most widely traded meat
There is very little evidence that banning sororities and fraternities would reduce sexual harassment at Harvard
Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language
Reform faces some difficulties. The NHS is suffering from staff shortages and currently has 100,000 vacancies
The National Trust is too often thought of as an institution for Britain's greying citizens, not trendy urbanites
Since the 2016 election, John Kasich has been thumbing it to Republican orthodoxy
After at least 80% of meetings, any decisions taken will be in line with the HIPPO or “highest-paid person’s opinio…
Developing nations are getting fatter. Fast food is partly to blame
Genetically modified Devil's vine may prove the answer to the question of how to clean up household air
An hour of “Glass” consists of slow, stilted, cod-philosophical conversations
Colombia's internal conflict with the ELN may soon have a growing international dimension
Schools in Hong Kong will have to teach pupils how to sing China's national anthem with proper decorum
Loneliness is a serious public-health problem
Morgan made a record pre-tax profit of £2m in 2017, and is expected to do as well when it reveals the results for l…
Although its responsibilities have expanded, the RCMP's structure and organisation are largely unchanged
The attack has shown how capable al-Shabab remains despite years of military operations against them in Somalia
How did Britain get into this muddle, and what's the solution for getting out?
Researchers aim to reduce the interval between identifying a virus and running the first clinical trial to a mere 1…
Our analysis finds few managers who have beaten expectations for long enough to deserve proper credit. Diego Simeon…
Britain is a country split down the middle that could not return to normal after a second Brexit vote, says…
The Bezos's divorce could lead to changes in how Amazon is controlled
Chigozie Obioma employs myth and spirituality to create a vibrant new world
The chicken industry is a dirty business, but it is also a profitable one
Many will sympathise with Theresa May's position. But her own misjudgements have made the task harder
Were there a second Brexit referendum, broadcasters and internet giants would have to do better than in 2016, says…
Nadine Labaki, the writer and director, undertook research with charities working with the city’s poorest
Microplastics from synthetic clothing materials are ending up in the ocean and in the food chain
Evo Morales's candidacy itself is a cheat
The European Union's money markets are scrambling to cope with the loss of the "share-cancellation mechanism"
Exported in elegant 5kg boxes, the cherries are marketed as a luxury product
The difficulties at the heart of the Franco-German alliance stem, in part, from diverging analyses of Europe's plac…
Life expectancy in Japan, at 84, is the highest in the world
The third season, which premiered on January 13th, has been received by some enthusiasts as a return to form, too
Those who champion open-plan offices seem to have forgotten the importance of being able to concentrate on your work
Clement Attlee denounced the referendum as "alien to all our traditions". But it is now an established part of Brit…
“What we're seeing today with the [British] Labour party...is a clear example of a left-wing, progressive, almost M…
Brexit has pointed out how democracy should and should not operate, says @M_Ignatieff, president of Central Europea…
With Boogie in the fold, are the Warriors set to lay waste to the rest of the NBA once again?
How can Britain fix Brexit? Our Britain editor, @t_wainwright explains
Mr Houellebecq has once again managed to put his finger on modern French (and Western) society’s wounds, and it hur…
Britain’s prime minister has just days to assemble a Plan B for Brexit. She is short on time, popular ideas and pol…
The Five Star Movement has largely given up its anti-vaccine rhetoric. But the right-wing Northern League is fillin…
Spain's biggest bank decides its new signing would cost too much
As China has grown increasingly capitalist, pandas have become an economic tool as well as a diplomatic one
Stefan Lofven’s new minority government is wobbly, and his second term may prove short
In truth, governments can do little to change people's minds about how many children to have
Working while receiving e-mails and phone calls reduces a worker’s IQ by about ten points relative to working unint…
The domestic environment for most children has changed profoundly—families are becoming smaller and women are beari…
Canada's gigantic pension fund is willing to ride out market volatility in pursuit of long-term returns
On February 24th Senegalese voters will face the shortest list of presidential candidates in three decades
Residents of Delhi inhale the equivalent of half a pack of cigarettes on an ordinary day, and two packs on a bad one
When Slobodan Milosevic fell in 2000, protesters' banners read "It is over!" Today they proclaim "It has begun!"
Ghana and Ivory Coast produce about 60% of the world’s cocoa, but see little of the earnings from chocolate sales
The National Trust aims to “preserve and protect the heritage at our places and spaces—for ever, for everyone”
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
The latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democracy Index gives reasons to be hopeful…
The ceremony takes place 56 years to the day after Charles de Gaulle and Konrad Adenauer signed the Elysée Treaty…
Few pundits would have bet a year ago that parliaments in Athens and Skopje would ratify the deal
Marx’s ideas—about monopolies, rent-seeking and casual labourers—are more relevant than they have been for decades
"An Orchestra of Minorities", Chigozie Obioma's second novel, is a wholly unsentimental epic
“Capernaum” takes a long, painful look at their world, blurring the lines between art and activism
Toronto added more tech jobs in 2017 than San Francisco Bay area, Seattle and Washington, DC, combined
The NBA's reigning dynasty has looked simultaneously formidable and vulnerable this season
The probability of impeachment has risen to 59% on political betting markets after the publication of new allegatio…
A single office in Toronto has led to branches in Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, New York, São Paulo and Sy…
One clue to the character of a government comes from listening to what political leaders say about the national bir…
Sweden is one of a long list of countries driven to the brink of paralysis by the rise of populism
Colombia’s relationship with Venezuela has never been worse, and the attack in Bogotá will likely complicate it fur…
In the West people refer to Indian dishes simply as “curry”. But in India the word can mean something quite differe…
European companies are questioning the fairness of America imposing its laws far beyond its shores
As people grow richer, they consume—and discard—more
Strong welfare states are crucial for capitalism
France and Italy are sparring over everything from immigration to the works of Leonardo da Vinci
Will the Brexit “Plan B” be any better-received than the Plan A that got such a thumping this week? We ask…
The rise of populism in Europe is damaging public health
Protests in Serbia took off after the leader of a small leftist party was assaulted as he arrived for a meeting in…
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
When it comes to Hong Kong, China's government wants one country and two not-dissimilar systems
Political betting markets now think it is more likely that impeachment proceedings will be brought against the pres…
A horrific attack in Bogotá
The government has blamed the National Liberation Army, a guerrilla group, for the attack
Some economists reckon government borrowing is less scary than it used to be
“Vox Lux” links shootings and global terrorism to celebrity culture without drawing a meaningful connection between…
It is possible to hijack cells' factory-like properties to produce almost any “designer” protein
As part of an agreement made in 2014, Malaysia must pay China $1m each year to rent its two pandas until 2024
Weakness in the euro-zone economy is becoming broad-based
“He has had many people tell him that he is wrong and he has decided not to listen to that”
Sweden had gone four months without a government
A few big firms have started buying portfolios of bad loans in China
Thanks mainly to Chinese demand, Chile exported $1.1bn-worth of cherries in 2018
DeMarcus Cousins is unlikely to be the Golden State Warriors’ silver bullet
Hospital price lists can still miss the rates charged by radiologists, physicians and other specialists
What do women want? Flattering, comfortable, machine-washable clothing that doesn’t need to be ironed From @1843mag
The police watchdog has graded Durham's police force "outstanding" at effectiveness and efficiency
A BuzzFeed article alleges Mr Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about Mr Trump’s plans to meet with V…
The Scottish National Party's success is owed partly to a reputation for competence. A public row damages this impr…
“What we're seeing today with the [British] Labour party...is a clear example of a left-wing, progressive, almost M…
New allegations against Donald Trump raise the odds of impeachment
If loopholes run out and the shutdown extends until March, payments for food stamps worth $4.8bn per month will cea…
Emergency loans from new investors will give Flybe’s managers one more roll of the dice
The NHS is swapping competition for co-operation
William Barr has said he would allow Robert Mueller to "complete his work." But has been vaguer on allowing publica…
Many Twitter threads on #HimToo, the hashtag on false accusations, are posted by worried mothers of sons
Many Democrats want to move America closer to universal coverage, without remaking the health-care system overnight
Fierce critics of the Trump administration reserve cautious praise for Mick Mulvaney
Brexit is a nightmare, but also an unnerving and liberating lesson in what democracy is and must be, says…
Britain's prime ministers have failed to evolve any serious rules about referendums, says @redhistorian of @QMUL…
A Franco-German treaty, to be signed next week, was a chance to forge a new consensus. But the document contains re…
Progressives have cheered the expansion of presidential power when it has been politically convenient
Sweden grudgingly gives Stefan Lofven another term as prime minister
A no-deal Brexit could cost €16.5bn in unpaid bills to the EU alone, according to one Brussels think-tank
Why China rents out its pandas
The swatting of celebrities has been eclipsed by the swatting of gamers
A bilingual child's connection to relatives and another culture is good thing in itself. How to bring it about?
Tim Martin is a self-described "contrary bastard", keen to challenge the "Oxbridge orthodoxy" that leaving the EU w…
“True Detective” returns to a tried-and-tested format
The Conservative Party's divisions are making the navigation of Brexit harder. The party is in its biggest crisis s…
.@realdanlyons argues that the industry has reduced real wages, made workers feel dehumanised and exposed them to c…
Cases against foreign firms are often opaque, disproportionate and intertwined with America’s commercial interests
Harnessing of religion for politically useful purposes comes in many shapes and sizes
Screens are often held responsible for the broader anxieties of parents living in a high-stress environment
Some 72% of Labour members want a second referendum, an idea that Mr Corbyn and his allies are reluctant to endorse
How many different approaches to a second Brexit referendum are there? L. Alan Winters from @uk_tpo explains the po…
About 29,000 people in America died from overdosing on opioids such as fentanyl in 2017, up from about 5,000 in 2014
By one estimate there have been 200 councillors in Chicago since 1969. Thirty-three of them have been imprisoned
Many Ethiopians fret that Abiy Ahmed, Ethiopia's prime minister, has traded the country's sovereignty for Gulf inve…
In 2014 there were just 22 escape-room venues open in America. Now there are over 2,300
Parents start competing for “positional goods” even before their children are born
Vaccine researchers are preparing for Disease X
Andrea Orcel’s move from UBS to Santander falls through
The wild rise of Mick Mulvaney
Canada’s vast pension fund is gaining even more financial clout
President Emmerson Mnangagwa said Zimbabwe would be “open for business”. The past week makes that claim sound hollow
Women who speak in public are expected to give a no-room-for-error performance never expected of men
“Sérotonine” seems to anticipate the current street protests against President Emmanuel Macron
Despite a five-year lull in attacks on Nairobi, the latest massacre shows that al-Shabab is far from beaten
The RCMP's recruiting practices have been compared to those of a religious order
If patterns observed in mice apply to people, suppressing fevers might have an adverse effect
Could success for Eurosceptic parties in the European elections push the EU to reform itself?
How to turn the British referendum from a problem into a solution? Make it a people's veto rather than a people's v…
Obituary: Geoffrey Langlands died on January 2nd
Those who deliberately insult China's national anthem in Hong Kong could face up to three years in jail
Israel is leading the world in the field of agritech. “Agricultural parks”, using Israeli technology, have mushroom…
The big beasts of American banking rumble on
Germany and France's show of friendship focuses on form rather than substance. Charlemagne would not have been impr…
From Larry David to Mrs Maisel, when is it ok to joke about Jewishness? @DeborahLipstadt and @AnneMcElvoy debate on…
Amid the chaos, Britain's political landscape is shifting
Canada’s Mounties get an overdue makeover
Morgan, the carmaker that thrives by doing everything wrong
From Larry David to Mrs Maisel, when is it ok to joke about Jewishness? @DeborahLipstadt and @AnneMcElvoy debate on…
“Vox Lux” exists somewhere between absurdist comedy and overwrought melodrama. Perhaps that is the point
Thousands of Gulf Arabs are abandoning their homeland
The Beatles split up after a mere seven years at the top, while the Rolling Stones are still going. One startup fla…
In Russia, faith is more clearly present in the echelons of political power than it is at the base of society
KAL’s cartoon
How chicken became the rich world’s most popular meat
It was only after the arrival in June of a populist government in Rome that sparks really began to fly
The number of people apprehended crossing America's southern border peaked in 2000, with 1.6m arrests made
Increasing legalisation of cannabis in much of North America is inspiring imaginative new recipes
Where is the geographic centre of the global economy?
Japan has not scared away creditors, despite having a gross debt as a share of GDP that exceeds 230%
In Paris, 31% of streets are named after men. Just 2.6% are named after women
"Kafka's Last Trial" explores the meaning of a writer's legacy in an age that, like Kafka's disorientating stories,…
The protagonist is played by a Syrian refugee, Zain Al Rafeea, discovered by the casting team chasing chickens in t…
In 2050 greenhouse emissions from agriculture in a vegan world would be 70% lower than in a world where people ate…
There is no equivalent in France to the arrival of a new Houellebecq novel
The case of 18-year-old Rahaf Muhammad drew global attention. But thousands of Gulf Arabs have been fleeing
Worldwide the suicide rate is down by 29% since 2000. In America it's up by 18%
Medieval works of art typically depicted children as miniature grown-ups
In the 1850s, Britain's political parties were flexible and multi-faceted. Could we see something similar today?
America has taken it upon itself to become the business world’s policeman, judge and jury
In response to protests, Zimbabwe’s security forces have unleashed a violent crackdown
A referendum in 1995 on the relationship between Canada and Quebec was terribly divisive, says @M_Ignatieff…
Al-Shabab, a Somali group of jihadists, have claimed responsibility for the attack in which at least 21 people died
The Russian rouble, the Argentine peso and the Turkish lira have tumbled down the Big Mac index
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
Faith, in certain carefully selected forms, could become co-opted as an instrument of state policy
Jack Bogle, the founder of Vanguard and a pioneer of index investing, died on January 16th. Last July, our Buttonwo…
Many Bolivians are worried that Evo Morales will hold onto office whatever the result of an election in October
On this week's "The Economist asks" podcast, @DeborahLipstadt explains how the “oldest hatred” has returned. Acast:…
The UAE's string of ports in the region are part of a focus on maritime security, and a way to project influence
Referendums were first introduced as a restraint on Britain's parliament, not as a means of compelling it to act, s…
Chile’s cherry industry would not exist but for its free-trade agreement with China and its rigorous sanitary stand…
Researchers hope to create a less toxic and more effective version of a cancer drug called interleukin-2
A judge says the Trump administration cannot include citizenship on the census
Britain’s crisis is a result of representative and direct democracy butting up against each other
Lately the RCMP has been engulfed by allegations of harassment, bullying and sexual misconduct
Hong Kong's football fans routinely boo the Chinese national anthem. Such actions could soon lead to a jail sentence
America is increasingly punishing foreign firms for misconduct that happens beyond its borders. This could backfire
France and Italy are sparring over everything from immigration to the works of Leonardo da Vinci
What might a 50/50 divorce settlement between Jeff and Mackenzie Bezos mean for the future of Amazon?
Most Senate Republicans would happily accept the deal being offered by the Democratic party
“I don’t know if Jeremy Corbyn is a prejudiced person. I don’t know if Donald Trump is a prejudiced person. I look…
“I don’t know if Jeremy Corbyn is a prejudiced person. I don’t know if Donald Trump is a prejudiced person. I look…
Implementing the result of a referendum can take a long time. If public opinion shifts during that period, is it ri…
France and Germany have drifted apart, and the pairing have few obvious allies in Europe
The will of the people is too important to be merely guessed at by squabbling MPs—the government needs to go back t…
Which currencies look cheap, and which look expensive? Our interactive Big Mac index can help answer these question…
In 1997, 4.6% of Britain's wills left a donation to charity. By 2016, 6.2% did
Natalie Portman shines as a troubled pop star in “Vox Lux”
Kenya is seen as one of Africa's more successful states.Yet its vulnerability to terrorism has long been a weakness
An Iranian pop star challenges the regime
Could state-guided faith be a trend of the future?
Canada’s vast pension fund is gaining even more financial clout
Vaccine researchers are preparing for Disease X
How chicken became the rich world’s most popular meat
Brexit is the mother of all messes. To solve it, Britain needs more time—and a second referendum. Our cover this we…
This week's cartoon from KAL
At the turn of the millennium, M. Night Shyamalan was the “boy wonder” of American cinema
The popularity of online video-game streaming has contributed to the rise in swatting. Rivals can watch their victi…
The old boys' club that dominates the upper echelons of finance pretends that it is women, not men, who create risk…
The most lasting achievement of "Say Nothing" may lie in the questions it raises about the Northern Irish settlement
There is no reason to believe that mixed-sex clubs would be any less socially exclusive than single-sex ones
Data alone are not valuable. You are
There is little sign of a surge towards switching banks, but progress is being made
Politicians have stimulated economies too little in the past decade
America’s next attorney-general looks equipped for the trials ahead
Economic data, commodities and markets
What would a second Brexit referendum actually look like? @PeterKellner1 explains some options #OpenFuture
Indonesia’s economic growth is being held back by populism
A seismic defeat throws Brexit plans into chaos
Brexit, mother of all messes
France and Germany plan to sign a new treaty in Aachen
Extending Article 50 may mean Britain must elect MEPs again
If Britain is still in the EU when the new European Parliament meets in July, should it include British MEPs?
America’s government shutdown is an act of economic self-harm
A fever can point immune cells in the right direction. Researchers want to harness that process to help patients
"You Know You Want This" at once enchants and horrifies
It is mathematically impossible to devise a second Brexit referendum that pleases everyone, explains L. Alan Winter…
In 2019 an Israeli non-profit organisation is hoping to launch the first moon mission to be funded by private enter…
Macaw-fanciers in China, Australia and the Middle East pay up to $6,000 to buy one online
In Russia as elsewhere, artists have often sensed such shifts before they are visible to the naked eye
Taiwan may have transferred power to its people but China has already begun to yank it away from them
Plath wrote “Mary Ventura and the Ninth Kingdom” in 1952, when she was a 20-year-old college student
Emerging markets were relieved by recent reassurances from Jerome Powell, the Fed's chairman
In China’s feud with Canada, the gloves are off
Donald Trump is the Republicans’ big problem with nativism. He, not Steve King, has driven away the party’s suburba…
Europe’s largest regional airline is bought for the price of a West London flat
The Central Bank of Russia shifts its reserves away from the dollar
Refugees have been sent to Wagga Wagga under a scheme which brings beneficiaries from foreign camps to rural Austra…
The Communist Youth League urged young Chinese to don ancient finery to demonstrate “cultural confidence” to the wo…
Competition with Iran has driven Saudi Arabia's renewed interest in the Horn of Africa
UNAIDS believes that less than half of gay men carrying HIV in China are aware of it
By 2025, Singapore's e-commerce market will be worth $53bn, according to a report written in part by Google
Last year 251 journalists languished in jails as a result of doing their jobs, according to @pressfreedom
The New York Daily News edition of October 8th 1999 read: “THE DONALD TELLS THE WORLD: I WANT TO BE THE PREZ”
A corporate culture based on fear may achieve short-term targets, but in the long run it is counterproductive
China is hurtling up the rankings of scientific achievement. Would world-beating Chinese science pose a threat?
How would China cope with a big rise in unemployment?
How quickly can vaccines be created for new viruses? Find out on this week's ”Babbage” podcast. Acast:…
The Justice Department recorded 1,642 federal public corruption convictions in Illinois's northern judicial distric…
Forty-two percent of older Trump-voting women are worried about false accusations of sexual assault more than unrep…
“Glass” has barely enough incident for an hour-long pilot of a Netflix series, let alone a two-hour-long film
Look closely at Westminster and you can see four parliamentary groupings with the inchoate characteristics of parti…
On ”Babbage”, we discuss how altering the genetic code of E.coli is leading to groundbreaking research on cancer dr…
Renewed pressure for the extradition of Italian criminals from France threatens to create another source of friction
Among the many stories told in dark detail in @praddenkeefe's new book, the abduction of Jean McConville stands out
A video-tracking system mines raw data from NBA games, changing the way that teams like the Houston Rockets play
The National Library of Israel claimed Kafka as "a touchstone of modern Jewish cultural achievement" whose document…
Agriculture suffers as soil dries, rain falls erratically and winters in the Midwest get less cold
The women in "You Know You Want This" are not all victimised and manipulated. Many are aggressors in their own right
Two films are imbued with a sense of history—and the lives of both their directors have been twisted by it
Steve King's 16 years in Congress are best-known for his offensive comments
Turkey, China, Egypt, Eritrea and Saudi Arabia accounted for 70% of all reporters that were imprisoned last year
In the 15 years leading up to the millennium Donald Trump appeared on the front page of New York tabloids 87 times
After adjusting for inflation, the earnings of American workers without a college education have scarcely risen in…
As a stand-alone book, it is underwhelming. But as yet more evidence of Plath’s precocity, it is compelling
Europe's heaviest polluters in industry are not cutting emissions nearly fast enough
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
The Members Exchange has yet to gain approval from the SEC, but aims to shake up the stock-exchange market
The great rescrambling of Britain’s parties
CERN has announced its latest plans to replace the Large Hadron Collider. Host @kncukier and our science correspond…
Now that Theresa May’s deal has been rejected by Parliament, talk of delaying Britain’s exit from the EU has grown…
What are the long-term economic effects of the government shutdown in America? @SoumayaKeynes explains on "Money ta…
Will robots and automation help Chinese firms cope with rising wages and the trade war? Our energy and commodities…
On “Money talks” this week, we look at what fuelled the huge growth of Canada's state pension fund, and what it can…
Few pieces of design reflect their era as successfully as the Eames rocking chair From @1843mag
The research could help people with so-called auto-immune disorders, such as multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arth…
Turkey leads the world in jailed journalists
None of the options for a second referendum on Brexit are perfect, writes L. Alan Winters from @uk_tpo #OpenFuture
It was only after the arrival in June of a populist government in Rome that sparks really began to fly
In recent years the National Trust has found a new strategy: curating events at locations that are not under its ju…
Economists reconsider how much governments can borrow
Italy and France are at loggerheads
Mitt Romney said Mr King should quit. Mitch McConnell similarly suggested he “find another line of work”
Israel is leading the world in the field of agritech. “Agricultural parks”, using Israeli technology, have mushroom…
Is the office obsolete? Supported by @Mishcon_de_Reya
A survey in 2016 found over 90% of Chicago business leaders saw cronyism in the city government
John Bercow has been a doughty champion of the rights of Parliament against the government
To assemble a new centrist coalition, John Kasich should unleash the political cross-dressing maverick that he is
In Gulf states, business tends to serve foreign-policy goals
Police and army units appear to have learned some lessons from their bungled response to the Westgate mall attack i…
Republicans condemn Steve King
What’s happened to M. Night Shyamalan?
The path to a second Brexit referendum looks like a jumble of conflicting ideas, argues @PeterKellner1 #OpenFuture
At 13 Sergei Polunin's potential as a ballet dancer was so evident that his teacher would pull up a chair and study…
Extending the Article 50 deadline threatens to complicate European Parliament elections
Closer military ties between Japan and Britain may one day lead to a formal alliance, predicts one British official
The established sales platforms of bigger firms grant them certain advantages over smaller competitors
Missionaries from poor countries try to save the godless West. But they are struggling against indifference…
Another terrorist outrage in Nairobi
Since a tenth of working-age Taiwanese live in China, and 29% of exports go there, voters are reluctant to antagoni…
Suppression of labour unrest has become even harsher in recent months
Of the 55 currencies we track in our Big Mac index, 52 look undervalued against the dollar
Extending Article 50 may mean Britain must elect MEPs again
Children from low-income families in most countries are much less likely to attend preschool education
Why are Gulf countries so interested in the Horn of Africa?
It was not until the 17th century that children began to be seen as innocents who must be protected from the ills o…
The NHS is beginning to roll back two decades' worth of market-based reforms
Durham's chief constable sends handwritten birthday cards to intimidate organised criminals on his patch
Jeremy Corbyn promised to hand back power to the party's members. Yet he continues to ignore their calls for anothe…
Polling commissioned by People's Vote suggests an exodus of Labour support if the party is seen to back Brexit too…
South Korea is thought to have the highest rates of problematic internet use among children and adults
In eastern Europe escape rooms first spread as a way of making money out of city-centre basements
Some have said that if a second Brexit referendum were held, they would never vote again, notes @NickyMorgan01…
In 2019 the Democrats could begin impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump
"Say Nothing" traces the relationships that emerged among leading republicans as the slums of Belfast slid into a m…
The domestic environment for most children has changed profoundly—families are becoming smaller and women are beari…
At its best @KRoupenian's writing recalls the gloomy feminist fairy-tales of Angela Carter
For direct democracy to succeed in Britain, representative democracy must succeed first, argues @PeterKellner1…
Could developing countries unite behind a single candidate?
Mr Ghosn had wanted to make the Renault-Nissan alliance “irreversible” through a full merger. That now looks imposs…
First came the Burmese, then the Afghans and the Africans
"Kafka's Last Trial" explores the meaning of a writer's legacy in an age that, like Kafka's disorientating stories,…
With “Capernaum”, Nadine Labaki seeks to draw attention to the weakness of the state
"Putin's Witnesses" captures the moment Vladimir Putin came to power; "Electing Russia" examines the current phase…
The result of the vote was not a surprise. But the margin of defeat was
There are hints that Pakistan’s establishment is having second thoughts about its ties with China, but to criticise…
Life expectancy in Japan, at 84, is the highest in the world
One view holds that in a state without a sultan, society becomes nihilistic
Europe, the least pious continent, poses an invigorating challenge to some preachers from Africa
In Paris, 31% of streets are named after men. Just 2.6% are named after women
Each person who loses coverage would be forced to bear that burden due to her boss’s religious sensibilities
Donald Trump may need to abandon his “Tariff Man” agenda if he hopes to ride a strong economy to re-election in 2020
The National Trust is too often thought of as an institution for Britain's greying citizens, not trendy urbanites
Editorial boards of journals seem to hold economic research by women to a higher standard, concludes Erin Hengel
Audiences have been subjected to the same sort of thing for decades. Writers and directors might consider a differe…
Patrick Radden Keefe shows how people who in peacetime might just have been strong-willed or colourful types came t…
Theresa May has only three working days before she has to return to the Commons with a new motion setting out her p…
The updated Big Mac index shows that, against the dollar, other currencies look cheaper than at any point in 30 yea…
Can China become a scientific superpower?
Both judges found that states were eligible to sue because the administration’s rules place fresh burdens on their…
Increasing tariffs by a single percentage point corresponds to a decrease of 0.12% in GDP, when measured five years…
British novelist E.M. Forster once complained that long books “are usually overpraised” because “the reader wishes…
Nadine Labaki, the writer and director, undertook research with charities working with the city’s poorest
Benjamin Balint's scrupulous and sardonic prose makes you love Kafka, and dread the law
France goes to great lengths to reduce income inequality, but the gilets jaunes still feel squeezed
A rare example of a repeating "fast radio burst" has been detected by an observatory in Canada. The signal's uniden…
Mr Houellebecq has once again managed to put his finger on modern French (and Western) society’s wounds, and it hur…
New rules that seek to sharpen competition between banks with digital technology have started to have an effect
Theresa May loses big over her Brexit deal
Donald Trump's trade war will not reduce America’s trade deficit with China, research suggests
Some 118 Tory MPs voted against the deal, one of the biggest-ever such rebellions
In Denmark, attendance at preschool centres and kindergartens among three- to six-year-olds is around 98%
Ernesto Araújo's foreign policy is at odds with the promises of the economy minister, Paulo Guedes
Cinema’s chief provocateur has tried to restore some shock and outrage to proceedings with “The House That Jack Bui…
Did California’s biggest utility play a role in sparking the state’s massive wildfires?
Tariffs are ineffective as well as counterproductive
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated in Parliament. The vote saw the largest rebellion of the ruling party’s…
One of Mr Trump’s promises to religious conservatives has hit a roadblock
According to a former FBI swatting expert, the number of annual incidents has increased from roughly 400 in 2011 to…
A doveish Fed could allow emerging markets to recover in 2019
The bus that takes passengers on a tour of London – while serving them a six-course meal. From @1843mag
In the face of crushing new inequalities, a less competitive approach to parenting is worth trying
New research will aid the treatment of infections
In contrast to older Trump-voting women, baby-boomer Clinton-voting women have increased their support for #MeToo o…
How the American takeover of a French national champion became intertwined in a corruption investigation
Why don’t other countries’ governments shut down? How did the world's most powerful government become so dysfunctio…
What makes athletes thrive or dive under pressure? Sponsored by @DXCTechnology
Under Harvard's policy, members of single-sex clubs are not eligible for dean’s letters of recommendation for schol…
Two judges block Donald Trump’s rollback of contraceptive coverage
How the National Trust is diversifying its portfolio
How fever helps combat disease has now been better understood
Britain's solicitors have advertised charitable bequests as a way to reduce inheritance tax
The 500 or so scarlet macaws on the Mosquito Coast are the last big population
Britain's MPs might feel a duty to prevent a "no deal" Brexit, which could lead to a "remain v compromise" referend…
The only region that has seen an increase in arrests in the past decade is the Rio Grande Valley
A second referendum on Brexit could be better run, with full manifestos and detailed proposals from each side, says…
Labour's abdication of responsibility makes it complicit in the crisis that is about to engulf Britain
The worst hotels I've ever stayed in From @1843mag
Can a man wear make-up and still be manly? From @1843mag
The numbers of migrants apprehended while crossing the border are far below the numbers seen a decade ago
Michel Houellebecq’s new book is eerily prescient
Meet Selly Raby Kane, the west African designer whose clothes are worn by Beyoncé From @1843mag
Were Britain to hold a new referendum on EU membership, what is the fairest set of options to put to voters? (There…
Christian missionaries have always travelled to remote spots to spread their faith. Now the flow has partly reversed
Private insurers and hospitals often negotiate discounts between themselves. This is not reflected on public price…
The Russian rouble, the Argentine peso and the Turkish lira have tumbled down the Big Mac index
A mine that Germany's largest power generator, RWE, calls "terra nova" has left a gash in the earth almost as big a…
The murder of Pawel Adamowicz will weigh heavily on Polish politics in what is a crucial year
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
Recently, instead of calling for the abolition or reduction of reservations, relatively prosperous castes have agit…
A second Brexit referendum would restore neither confidence nor competence in Britain, says @NickyMorgan01…
The tragedy in Poland shows that in some countries there are still fire-safety problems
China’s leaders are anxious about social stability in a year studded with sensitive anniversaries
Belarus’s leader upsets Vladimir Putin by cosying up to the West
If she loses the vote, Mrs May must outline her next steps to Parliament within three working days
Currently around 85% of visitors to Japan are from Asia. In 2019 this will change
The stories in "You Know You Want This" circle around themes of desire, pain, obsession and transgression
A second Brexit referendum is not undemocratic—the people cannot overrule themselves unless they want to change the…
Pakistan needs vibrant trade ties with its neighbours, India above all. The army’s influence makes this impossible
Real art, remarked Alexander Rastorguev, is made when artists "meet the energy of history—unclear, incomprehensible…
Companies should work harder to create an atmosphere where workers can speak their minds
Across the OECD the average enrolment in early-childhood education of three- to five-year-olds rose from 75% in 200…
Only 13% of Japanese die at home, although most say they want to
The latest Democracy Index shows that parts of Europe are suffering from a democratic malaise…
British politics has been stuck for almost three years. Time to get on with Brexit, says @NickyMorgan01 #OpenFuture
How France redistributes more from rich to poor than Sweden
Malaysia’s sultans must pick a new king
America is trying to get more out of its relationship with Iraq
California’s biggest utility is in deep trouble
Aleksandra Mir's show at @haywardgallery is a mini-expo of Donald Trump’s public persona before he became president
From the start, Plath manages to make the narrative feel creepy and strange
Clumsy Communist propaganda extolling national unity arguably helped create a hunger for Han traditions
Affirmative action, as Americans confusingly call it, has been a defining feature of modern India
It is partly owing to migration that Sydney and Melbourne are thriving
An official study found that new cases of HIV among students aged between 15 and 24 rose by more than one-third eve…
For fear of losing their jobs, workers are often silent when they have legitimate concerns
Indonesia binges on e-commerce
Who owns Kafka?
Swatting could become a federal crime
Saving the rich is difficult, as Jesus once observed, but not impossible
One of the most popular Hindu festivals in Hyderabad is Ganesh Chaturthi. Celebrations continue for up to ten days
By Barack Obama’s term in office, apprehensions had fallen to an average of just 400,000 a year
Forty-two percent of older Trump-voting women are worried about false accusations of sexual assault more than unrep…
Children are spending more time online. Is this necessarily something to worry about?
In this week’s “Tasting menu” podcast we ask, have we reached “peak smartphone”? Acast: iTu…
The latest takeovers have been prompted by the fact that biotechnology companies look cheap
Devices are increasingly invading people's intimate lives. Privacy could be breached in the race to create the next…
Why does the dollar look so strong?
Nearly all roads in Europe are named after men. Campaigners want to change that. Listen to this and more of our top…
The beginning and fraying of Vladimir Putin’s reign
Why young Chinese are sporting 1,800-year-old fashions
Even as Taiwan perfects its democracy, China is sabotaging it
Can China become a scientific superpower?
The scale of Mrs May's likely defeat matters, shaping what comes next for Brexit
The number of people apprehended crossing America's southern border peaked in 2000, with 1.6m arrests made
President Xi Jinping sees science as a national project. But science defies borders: it thrives on collaboration an…
If Parliament cannot agree on the terms of Brexit, the British people must decide in a second referendum, argues…
Pawel Adamowicz defied the government’s anti-immigration rhetoric and was routinely attacked in pro-government media
"You Know You Want This" at once enchants and horrifies
This week in "Tasting menu", we look at how China could become a scientific superpower, and how gender equality is…
Could China become a scientific superpower? Listen to this and more of our top stories in our “Tasting menu” podcas…
Since 2000 the leaders of 10 countries have simply changed their constitutions to stay in power
Pawel Adamowicz was stabbed on stage at a charity event
The migrant surge on America’s border slowed long ago
Poland is horrified by the murder of Gdansk’s mayor
Where might Mrs May's likely defeat rank in the all-time league of parliamentary flops?
With their pipelines empty of new products, large drugmakers are increasingly looking to acquire other companies
Theresa May prepares for a drubbing
"Putin's Witnesses" captures the moment Vladimir Putin came to power; "Electing Russia" examines the current phase…
The first escape room is believed to have opened in Japan in 2007. Early ones were inspired by computer games
Why pharmaceutical companies are on a shopping binge
The false east-west dichotomy obscures dissenting voices in central Europe
An eviscerating film about Lebanon’s street children
Will China dominate science? Our deputy editor, Ed Carr, examines the impact of China's scientific expansion
Plath described it as a “vague symbolic tale” and submitted it to Mademoiselle magazine for publication, but it was…
Would a second referendum on Britain’s membership of the EU be undemocratic? #OpenFuture
When designing the new Olympic stadium, Mr Kuma wanted to prevent the historic Jingu-Gaien neighbourhood from being…
John Kasich has suggested he will run against Donald Trump again
Durham's police force is led by eccentric chief constable Mike Barton, a tech innovator in the body of an old-schoo…
In a second referendum on Brexit, independent fact checking could help voters to make an informed choice, says…
Across the OECD the number of children a woman is likely to have in her lifetime is now 1.7, against 2.7 in 1970
An attempt to force Gabon’s president from office this week is a throwback to more turbulent times
Children are spending more time online. Is this necessarily something to worry about?
The silent majority in Britain want Parliament to get on with Brexit rather than launch a new referendum campaign,…
Today PG&E, California’s largest utility, announced that it was preparing to file for bankruptcy protection. Here i…
Where not to stay in New Hampshire From @1843mag
The most lasting achievement of "Say Nothing" may lie in the questions it raises about the Northern Irish settlement
In the face of crushing new inequalities, a less competitive approach to parenting is worth trying
John Bercow has been accused of pro-Remain bias. Yet he accepted an amendment that prepared the way for the origina…
The flow of missionaries has partly reversed, as poor countries are far more devout than rich ones…
Because of the quality of his competition, it is easy to underrate the career on which Andy Murray is calling time
The Big Mac index suggests the rouble is undervalued by 70% against the dollar
Emerging markets might hope for the best this year, given the worst has already happened
What began as a riot over the price of bread in Sudan’s east has billowed across the country
Coal is gradually being phased out in Europe, which is likely to raise power prices
Chinese science combines critical thinking and an authoritarian state: it is the world's most important experiment
The Industrial Revolution turned children into an indispensable source of income for many poor families
In 2019 surgeons in the Netherlands will use augmented reality to help identify brain tumours
“News” about Donald Trump sucked the air out of the room in the 20th century as it does in the 21st
The launch of a new equities exchange in America harks back to when exchanges were member-owned, offering low-cost…
A growing number of schemes aim to raise the share of women among academic economists
Fear inhibits learning, and scared workers are inefficient
The new rules require big banks to share more data with other firms—without compromising security
With the stockmarket down 30% in the past year, financial firms, especially brokerages, have cut staff
The car boss addressed allegations of financial misconduct during a court appearance earlier this week
Apple's high prices limit its reach, and it remains heavily reliant on hardware for sales
By any standard, let alone that of most countries in the region, democracy in Taiwan is thriving
A second Brexit referendum would be far from simple and is profoundly problematic, says @HenryNewman #OpenFuture
The proportion of sexually active gay men infected with HIV is now much higher than that of female sex workers
No reason was given for the abdication, but many suspect the king’s love life had raised too many eyebrows
All but the richest will now be eligible for a reservation
Dementia currently affects 5m Japanese (4% of the population), and will afflict 6-7% by 2030
Would establishing a permanent American military base in Poland deepen the wedge between the country and the EU?
A second vote is the best way out of the Brexit mess. But in our new #OpenFuture series, we are hosting a debate to…
Reported cases of HIV in China are rising rapidly
The NHS falls out of love with the market
The contradictions of Brazil’s foreign policy
A young hacker spooks the German establishment
Wall Street firms take aim at America’s stock-exchange oligopoly
The fate of the dollar will shape financial markets in 2019
In Paris, 31% of streets are names after men. Just 2.6% are named after women
Emmanuel Macron needs to persuade people that his concern is not a gimmick, without jeopardising his reform program…
Lightweight aircraft are making it possible to fly from London to Sydney without a break
Mr Kuma still remembers his childhood shock as a bullet-train station rose out of the rice paddies in Yokoyama, nea…
The next boss of the World Bank will probably be American, thanks to an understanding between America and Europe
An obsession with national security, driven by the army, makes it hard to propose economic solutions to Pakistan’s…
Israel is leading the world in the field of agritech. “Agricultural parks”, using Israeli technology, have mushroom…
In Syria, at least, America’s latest steps might be doing more harm than good to the Middle East’s minorities
More money goes to Pakistan’s armed forces than on development, while the army blocks any rapprochement with India
Matt Dillon plays Jack, an amateur architect and serial killer, who is seemingly stitched together from the corpses…
Opposition leaders hoping to take over from Mr Netanyahu offer no new solutions to Israel’s conflict with the Pales…
How China could dominate science
Of the 55 currencies we track in our Big Mac index, 52 look undervalued against the dollar
Missionaries from poor countries struggle with language barriers, suspicious visa officers and atheism…
The abuses of the Polish and Hungarian governments are real, but they are not representative of the entire region
Hospital prices are now public
The World Bank’s president resigns abruptly
"Say Nothing" traces the relationships that emerged among leading republicans as the slums of Belfast slid into a m…
KAL’s cartoon
"Kafka's Last Trial" explores the meaning of a writer's legacy in an age that, like Kafka's disorientating stories,…
Almost all Indians will soon qualify for affirmative action in India
The New York Daily News edition of October 8th 1999 read: “THE DONALD TELLS THE WORLD: I WANT TO BE THE PREZ”
One firm at CES touted technology that allows a person to modify a room's scent through voice command
A full-blown union of Belarus and Russia could let Mr Putin dodge term limits by becoming president of a new entity
Russia’s conflict with Ukraine has caused the Orthodox church to split
New features in the smartphone market now attract polite interest at best, and sometimes even jokes
Despite many streets having the same name even in big cities, investors are willing to look into online shopping an…
Plath wrote “Mary Ventura and the Ninth Kingdom” in 1952, when she was a 20-year-old college student
Smartphones provide the foundation for today's innovations, like mobile payments, and future ones—such as hailing r…
Many fear the reversal of progress that has been made in the past couple of years
Europe, the least pious continent, poses an invigorating challenge to some preachers from Africa
Ernesto Araújo's assault on “globalism” exposes a contradiction at the heart of Jair Bolsonaro's project
With Parliament deadlocked over Brexit, the only sensible way forward is to ask the British people what they want,…
"If the Republican Party stays stuck like this, it will disintegrate," says @JohnKasich, Donald Trump’s most vocal…
In "The week ahead" podcast, we look at the parliamentary intrigues that make next week’s Brexit vote even more fra…
Why India is one of the most polluted countries on Earth
Find all of our coverage of the American government shutdown in one place:
China is pushing forward in stem-cell research, rocketry and particle physics
If the current shutdown stretches into next week, it will be the longest ever
Poachers climb the pine trees where the guaras nest and pinch the chicks before they learn to fly
As late as the 18th-century 90% of England’s men were either Charles, Edward, Henry, James, John, Richard or William
The EU worries that establishing an American base would convey approval for Poland's illiberal nationalist governme…
In Denmark attendance at preschool centres and kindergartens among three- to six-year-olds is around 98%
Watching individuals act with impunity can be both horrifying and gripping. But this is a genre that is losing its…
Forty-two percent of older Trump-voting women are worried about false accusations of sexual assault more than unrep…
For Labour to show that it is a "government in waiting", it would have to put forward a better Brexit plan than the…
An amendment pushed through by Labour’s Yvette Cooper to make a no-deal Brexit trickier may presage further rounds…
Some worry male economists will dismiss evidence of widespread discontent among female economists
A priest of the Assyrian Church of the East said that for Christians an abrupt American pullout could “open up the…
Shinzo Abe has lifted the 20-year ban on British lamb and beef, which should be worth £120m for British farmers ove…
That Germany is the world's biggest lignite burner is an embarrassment to its attempts to lead the world in clean e…
The Justice Department recorded 1,642 federal public corruption convictions in Illinois's northern judicial distric…
Labour strategists see a second referendum as a fire escape, to be used only if the building is close to collapse
In an automated world, creativity will be increasingly valuable. But it is hard for workers to be creative if they…
The updated Big Mac index shows that, against the dollar, other currencies look cheaper than at any point in 30 yea…
France goes to great lengths to reduce income inequality, but the gilets jaunes still feel squeezed
Senior centrists seem to prefer to wait for criminal indictments to unseat Binyamin Netanyahu, rather than take on…
A union of Belarus and Russia could let Mr Putin hold on to power. Belarus's leader has sounded defiant
Brexit divided friendships and families—and there's now a chance to move on, says @HenryNewman #OpenFuture
Before 1980 the federal government did not shut down
Obituary: Herb Kelleher died on January 3rd
President Xi Jinping is striving for world-beating science in a one-party dictatorship. Is that even possible?
Two films are imbued with a sense of history—and the lives of both their directors have been twisted by it
With Theresa May's deal, Britain will not take back control from the EU—but will lose it instead, argues @HugoDixon…
The women in "You Know You Want This" are not all victimised and manipulated. Many are aggressors in their own right
A pivotal time for embattled religious minorities in the Middle East
Ukraine's successful bid for ecclesiastical independence has enraged Vladimir Putin
Incumbent equity exchanges such as Nasdaq have consolidated in recent years
Carlos Ghosn's incarceration has put a spotlight on Japan's flawed justice system
There is no end in sight to Venezuela's troubles
Why Imran Khan is unlikely to make life much better for Pakistanis
Rogue sign-switchers have rechristened Rokin Boulevard in Amsterdam as Beyoncé Boulevard
His list of accomplishments makes an open-and-shut case for Andy Murray’s place in the tennis Hall of Fame, but it…
Salty, stodgy and delicious, pierogi are the ultimate comfort food From @1843mag
It is defeatist to believe that the better parts of Poland's and Hungary's natures are doomed
Google showed off Assistant, its voice-controlled software powered by AI, which is embedded in its products
Personnel shortages may increase waiting times at airport security. Passengers may also be screened less thoroughly
The Russian rouble, the Argentine peso and the Turkish lira have tumbled down the Big Mac index
Just 4.5% of the world’s population live in a “full democracy” according to The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democ…
Would establishing a permanent American military base in Poland deepen the wedge between the country and the EU?
What is happening with smartphones is what happens with most technology; each new generation runs into diminishing…
Heath Robinson’s madcap inventions feel timelier than ever From @1843mag
Missionaries from poor countries try to save the godless West. But they are struggling against indifference…
The Russian rouble, the Argentine peso and the Turkish lira have tumbled down the Big Mac index
The stories in "You Know You Want This" circle around themes of desire, pain, obsession and transgression
There’s simply no reason to constantly agonise about split infinitives. So why do people care so much?
China looks set to become a great scientific power. Will it also be a responsible one? Our cover this week
From 1980 to 2000 there were 38 successful coups in Africa. Since then there have only been 15
Inflation, at around 70%, is the second highest in the world after Venezuela. Sudanese face shortages of bread, fue…
British novelist E.M. Forster once complained that long books “are usually overpraised” because “the reader wishes…
Real art, remarked Alexander Rastorguev, is made when artists "meet the energy of history—unclear, incomprehensible…
The Beatles split up after a mere seven years at the top, while the Rolling Stones are still going. One startup fla…
Pakistan’s army has fostered a doctrine of insecurity and Islamist religiosity. That is hurting ordinary citizens
Unlike in America, the richest 1% in France collectively earn less before taxes than the poorest 50%
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
Strong welfare states are crucial for capitalism
Mr Putin reckons Belarus could help him maintain power after his current, and supposedly final, presidential term e…
The spiritual standoff has failed to arouse much passion in ordinary Russian citizens
Donald Trump has long favoured seizing Iraq’s oil. Getting American companies to extract it might be the next best…
He was the first British man in the Open era to achieve the world’s official number-one ranking
Chinese science takes place under the beady eye of a Communist party and government
The false east-west dichotomy obscures dissenting voices in central Europe
The latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democracy Index gives reasons to be hopeful
Online banks are starting to make a splash, even if many customers are loth to abandon their current providers
Christian missionaries have always travelled to remote spots to spread their faith. Now the flow has partly reversed
This year, the CES even featured an amusement-park ride, run by Google, with talking animatronic characters
Audiences have been subjected to the same sort of thing for decades. Writers and directors might consider a differe…
Japan is eager to pull Britain into an increasingly turbulent Asia, while Britain is keen to firm up friendships af…
Because of the quality of his competition, it is easy to underrate the career on which Andy Murray is calling time
Find all of our coverage of the American government shutdown in one place:
What happens to the dollar in 2019 depends on what happens in China and on whether it can strike a trade deal with…
Shutdowns like the current one, whereby funding actually stops flowing and workers stop working, only started after…
When it comes to the fight against the European Union, Brexiteers have successfully played the long game
Medieval works of art typically depicted children as miniature grown-ups
John Kasich's governing record reflects his mix of intensity, single-mindedness and sporadic eccentricity
John Bercow's greatest bias is not against Labour or the Conservatives but rather against party grandees
Why does the dollar look so strong?
Southern Wisconsin saw more rainfall in 15 days in August than it would usually see in six months
President Xi Jinping sees science as a national project. But science defies borders: it thrives on collaboration an…
To reopen the government President Donald Trump is demanding $5.7bn for his border wall
An architect of North Carolina's congressional map stated “I acknowledge freely that this would be a political gerr…
Patrick Radden Keefe shows how people who in peacetime might just have been strong-willed or colourful types came t…
Should there be a new Brexit referendum? If so, how should it be organised? Have your say in our #OpenFuture series
Announcing his retirement, Andy Murray begins to get his due at last
The world's longest sea-crossing bridge is a marvel of engineering. But what does it say about China's political an…
Most Americans blame Donald Trump for the shutdown. Early polling suggests that may fade by 2020
The Federal Aviation Administration, the industry’s regulator, is running short of aeroplane inspectors
Smartphone sales have peaked, and seem to be levelling off at around 1.4bn units a year
The architect was inspired by an aesthetic he now wants to revolutionise
On January 8th Donald Trump tweeted that trade talks between America and China were "going very well". That is enco…
Vigilante sign-stickers from Paris to Tbilisi are taking matters into their own hands
Leveraged loans are usually arranged by a syndicate of banks to companies that already owe a lot
The EPA rolls back Obama-era regulations that cut mercury emissions by nearly 90%
There are several reasons why America's government shutdowns are unique. One is the peculiar presidential system of…
Two branches of Israel’s army, Unit 8200 and Unit 9900, are churning out tech entrepreneurs
None of the leaders of the main centrist parties believe in their own ability to beat Binyamin Netanyahu
Pakistan, under Imran Khan’s government, must do away with the state’s twin props of religion and paranoia
Mr Kim will not be missed by everyone at the World Bank. He oversaw a reorganisation that was loathed by staffers
A second referendum on Brexit would be a festival of fantasy politics, says @HenryNewman #OpenFuture
As the shutdown goes on, the impact on travellers will only get bigger
Benjamin Balint's scrupulous and sardonic prose makes you love Kafka, and dread the law
In contrast to America, parliamentary governments can pass spending bills with simple majorities
Devices once seen as miraculous are now everywhere, and have even become slightly boring
America's government shutdown has become the longest in history
Tension within Nicolás Maduro's regime could lead to its implosion
How America’s government shutdown is affecting flyers
The threat of no deal has done little to deter hardline Brexiteers, because they favour what they like to call a “m…
Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language
A People's Vote could help bring an already angry Britain together, argues @HugoDixon #OpenFuture
As a stand-alone book, it is underwhelming. But as yet more evidence of Plath’s precocity, it is compelling
The average age of Africa’s presidents has risen steadily, from 52 in 1980 to 66 today
Critics worry that stationing American troops in Poland would cause Russia to beef up its forces in Kaliningrad or…
Leonardo da Vinci painted the most expensive picture in history, which was auctioned for $450 million. 2019 will ma…
While it is still not fast enough, European firms have come a long way in modernising their views on carbon emissio…
Where is the geographic centre of the global economy?
Why does the dollar look so strong?
Those who champion open-plan offices seem to have forgotten the importance of being able to concentrate on your work
If the French want lower taxes, some of the country's public spending will have to give, too
Many at the American Economic Association meeting felt that the state of gender equality in economics was unaccepta…
Vladimir Putin has said that the church schism could "turn into a heavy dispute, if not bloodshed"
Saving the rich is difficult, as Jesus once observed, but not impossible
As people grow richer, they consume—and discard—more
Alexander Lukashenko was swept into power three years after the collapse of the Soviet Union. He has ruled Belarus…
Theresa May's deal with the EU is no one's first choice, but is a reasonable compromise, argues @HenryNewman…
The Big Mac index suggests the rouble is undervalued by 70% against the dollar
Agriculture suffers as soil dries, rain falls erratically and winters in the Midwest get less cold
In 2050 greenhouse emissions from agriculture in a vegan world would be 70% lower than in a world where people ate…
The giants of consumer electronics are betting on speech tech
Among the many stories told in dark detail in @praddenkeefe's new book, the abduction of Jean McConville stands out
The most interesting side of Mr Ravenhill's work has always been the themes of abuse, power and the reappraisal of…
Tokopedia, an Indonesian firm, has opened centres in small cities to woo the country's online shoppers
The National Library of Israel claimed Kafka as "a touchstone of modern Jewish cultural achievement" whose document…
One worry is of a downward cycle in prices as anxious investors seek to get their money back
Americans make up 5% of the global population but consume 30% of the world’s prescription narcotics
The abuses of the Polish and Hungarian governments are real, but they are not representative of the entire region
In Paris, 31% of streets are names after men. Just 2.6% are named after women
In the battle for gender equality, Iceland is leading the world
If Mr Trump has one consistent belief, it is that the countries of the Middle East and north Africa should do more…
Why have smartphones started to feel boring?
Companies should work harder to create an atmosphere where workers can speak their minds
From the start, Plath manages to make the narrative feel creepy and strange
A Polish proposal asking for American troops was sprinkled with references to 1776 and Donald Trump's Warsaw speech
Aleksandra Mir's show at @haywardgallery is a mini-expo of Donald Trump’s public persona before he became president
The National Climate Assessment has recently warned of especially sharp rises in temperature in the Midwest
France's tax take and its level of public spending are higher than in any other European country
It is time to check whether people want the reality of Brexit or the reality of staying in the EU, says @HugoDixon…
Fewer bees will mean fewer plants and therefore less to eat and less oxygen to breathe
Israeli agritech firms, a third of which did not exist five years ago, attracted $171m in equity investment in 2017
Félix Tshisekedi is thought less likely to shake things up than his rival Martin Fayulu
The flow of missionaries has partly reversed, as poor countries are far more devout than rich ones…
In 2014 not one newborn guara reached adulthood in its native habitat
Of the 55 currencies we track in our Big Mac index, 52 look undervalued against the dollar
Some of America's largest brokers and banks plan to launch a new equities exchange
Why don’t other countries’ governments shut down?
Over a third of leveraged loans refinance existing debt, according to one data provider
Ernesto Araújo's foreign policy will confront what he calls “globalism”, a sneering term for openness to the world
At some point in the 1990s Mr Kuma turned against the synthetic, bombastic architecture that had dominated Tokyo si…
A slowdown in smartphone sales does not signal a lack of innovation. It's just that extra bells and whistles no lon…
A full-blown union of Belarus and Russia could let Mr Putin dodge term limits by becoming president of a new entity
In the first decade of this century the Brexiteers' project looked doomed. Their persistence appears to have paid o…
In 2017 auditors found that 34% of all high-school diplomas in Washington DC were improperly awarded
Ukraine's successful bid for ecclesiastical independence has enraged Vladimir Putin
Midwesterners are being forced to face up to climate change
A new referendum on Brexit could turn people against politics and politicians altogether, according to @HenryNewman…
We have wasted too much time on fantasies; now it is time for a People's Vote, says @HugoDixon #OpenFuture
By one estimate, 10,000 of Minnesota's metro-area inhabitants are of Somali descent
There is a political logic to Labour's lack of clarity. Four out of ten Labour voters backed Brexit
Jim Yong Kim's imminent departure from the World Bank is as much of a surprise as his nomination by Barack Obama was
As America's economy expanded last year, the Fed's response to it wreaked havoc on economies in the emerging world
Edward Burke, a veteran Chicago councillor, has had a 37-page criminal complaint lodged against him by the FBI
The publication of price lists could have the opposite of the desired effect—hospitals may raise costs in order to…
Jeff and Mackenzie Bezos are getting a divorce. A 50/50 settlement could have implications for Amazon’s future
Animal charities are popular recipients of bequests—Devon Donkey Sanctuary received £23.3m in legacy income in 2017…
Members of both parties fear Mr Trump will circumvent Congress, and build the wall using previously authorised mili…
America's top diplomat offered little clarity about Donald Trump's policy in the Middle East
Smartphone apps that mask a caller's location and identity have contributed to the rise in swatting incidents
At its best @KRoupenian's writing recalls the gloomy feminist fairy-tales of Angela Carter
Even with the army still on his side, Sudan’s president for the past 30 years is running out of options
Chinese scientists face huge pressure to make break-throughs. Some put ends before means
The partisan divide in the reactions to #MeToo is rooted in differing opinions over what true feminism is
As British politics is consumed by chaos and acrimony, the speaker will have to make many more difficult decisions
What are leveraged loans?
Shinzo Abe has backed Theresa May's Brexit deal, mindful of the more than 1,000 Japanese companies in Britain
Britain's Parliament will vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal next week amid debate about a possible second referendu…
In the words of one cop, Durham's chief constable Mike Barton is "a nutter...but he's our nutter"
The plaintiffs in the coming gerrymandering cases face significant procedural hurdles
What do old tabloid covers reveal about the rise of Donald Trump?
In Russia as elsewhere, artists have often sensed such shifts before they are visible to the naked eye
The Big Mac index
The departure of two senior members of the Vatican's communication team could foreshadow more serious problems
In 1970 the average proportion of children in the OECD born out of wedlock stood at 7.5%. The number is now at 40%
The escape-room games industry is booming
The family is becoming fluid—rates of marriage are declining steeply and divorce is becoming more widespread
Some governments in Latin America have said they will stop recognising Nicolás Maduro as president of Venezuela
The Golden Globes, as the season’s first big bash, take place before a consensus has formed
The latest Democracy Index shows that parts of Europe are suffering from a democratic malaise…
"Bitcoin is a cockroach" says @kwerb, in that it's shown itself to be incredibly resilient #OpenFuture
The updated Big Mac index shows that, against the dollar, other currencies look cheaper than at any point in 30 yea…
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
British novelist E.M. Forster once complained that long books “are usually overpraised” because “the reader wishes…
Missionaries from poor countries struggle with language barriers, suspicious visa officers and atheism…
More than 20m of Pakistan’s children are deprived of school, and less than 30% of its women are employed
Our coverage of the American government shutdown
Seven current presidents of African countries have been in power for over two decades
There are hints that Pakistan’s establishment is having second thoughts about its ties with China, but to criticise…
The dollar is overvalued on most benchmarks. It is due a fall
Mike Pompeo, America's secretary of state, delivered a scathing broadside against the Obama administration
Venezuela is on the brink of ruin. The former mayor of Caracas dared to challenge President Nicolas Maduro's author…
Loneliness is a serious public-health problem
“These results have nothing to do with the truth at the ballot box,” said Martin Fayulu, who came top in a pre-elec…
Labour strategists see a second referendum as a fire escape, to be used only if the building is close to collapse
A searing reflection on the Troubles and their aftermath
Charities try new tactics to be remembered in wills
Unlikely new residents are reviving Australian country towns
At least nine Brexit-related bills need to be passed before Brexit. Any of these could be amended to make a no-deal…
China's most ambitious big-science plan is to build the largest particle accelerator ever, taking CERN’s crown
None of the leaders of the main centrist parties see any of the others as meriting the premiership
The smartphone is a transformative technology that has become almost universal
Poland wants a fort with Donald Trump’s name on it
The Big Mac index shows currencies are very cheap against the dollar
Residents of Delhi inhale the equivalent of half a pack of cigarettes on an ordinary day, and two packs on a bad one
Cinema’s chief provocateur has tried to restore some shock and outrage to proceedings with “The House That Jack Bui…
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
Since 2000 the leaders of 10 countries have simply changed their constitutions to stay in power
Childhood is not what it used to be. The race to set children on the path to success begins before preschool. Is co…
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
Having helped to roll back the jihadists of Islamic State in Iraq, Donald Trump thinks America is owed something
Mr Austin's business now sells its roses in over 50 countries and is the biggest employer in its market
Many workers without college degrees once had jobs that required moderate training. But much of that work has disap…
When designing the new Olympic stadium, Mr Kuma wanted to prevent the historic Jingu-Gaien neighbourhood from being…
“While atheists may call themselves freethinkers, for many today atheism is a closed system of thought”
The driverless-car industry is predicted to be worth $550bn by 2026
Which currencies look dear? The Big Mac index has been updated
Of the 55 currencies we track in our Big Mac index, 52 look undervalued against the dollar
The ruined Mesoamerican city of Teotihuacán is deeply mysterious: we don’t know who built it, why it was abandoned…
How long will Venezuela’s president Nicolás Maduro last?
Coups have become rarer across Africa, and older presidents are increasingly reluctant to leave the limelight
The shutdown is not happening because America is in turmoil. It is happening because that is what the president wan…
Data alone are not valuable. You are
One of President Kabila’s aides said the internet blackout was needed to “protect the lives of Congolese citizens”
Angola’s go-to app for delivering live goats to your door
Scant trade with its neighbours and an arid climate forced Israel to innovate to feed its population. That heritage…
The outlook is dim for Americans without college degrees
Democracy stopped declining in 2018, according to the latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democracy…
Working longer hours may simply lead to wasted effort
“Question Time” has long been ahead of the curve when it comes to proportionally representing the British public
Mike Pompeo goes to Egypt
Europe, the least pious continent, poses an invigorating challenge to some preachers from Africa
An attack on corruption sleuths in Guatemala is also aimed at judges
China is hurtling up the rankings of scientific achievement. Would world-beating Chinese science pose a threat?
With no country inclined to bail out his regime, Omar al-Bashir finds himself broke and alone
The race to set children on the path to success now begins before preschool. @RyanAvent assesses the economics of c…
For the first time, smartphone sales seem to be slowing year-on-year. That is bad news for investors, but good news…
It is impossible to win the “rug-rat race”, but are there any alternatives to competitive parenting? We look at wha…
Is competitive parenting increasing inequality? @AnneMcElvoy enters the "rug-rat race" in this week's “The Economis…
Luke Leitch has a confession to make: he wears make-up. From @1843mag
China became the first country to successfully land on the far side of the moon. What does this mean for space expl…
In a special episode of "Babbage", we examine China’s impressive scientific advances and question what they mean fo…
China's recent landing on the far side of the moon is a "blow across the bow to America," says former NASA astronau…
The race to set children on the path to success now begins before preschool. @RyanAvent assesses the economics of c…
How will China change science, and how will science change China? Host @kncukier asks on this week's "Babbage" podc…
Where is China’s place in the science community? This and more in this week's episode of “Babbage”. Subscribe on iT…
A look at how the dollar has strengthened against other currencies, using the price of a Big Mac hamburger
Imran Khan’s aspirations of improving Pakistan’s lot have careened into a balance-of-payments crisis
PG&E may face damages, legal fees and other costs of up to $29bn, according to Goldman Sachs
The problem for the Israeli centrists is leadership
The Russian rouble, the Argentine peso and the Turkish lira have tumbled down the Big Mac index
Why Venezuela could face another six years of catastrophe
The persistence of poverty and maladministration is not only a disaster for Pakistan—it poses a danger for the worl…
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
Chinese science is good, but not yet at Nobel-winning heights
Even relatively unskilled amateur hackers working alone can cause serious disruption
What can a Big Mac tell us about the global economy? See our latest figures
Opportunists have been selling SIM cards smuggled across the river from Brazzaville into Kinshasa
As my eyes scanned the tunnels for explosives, I saw shattered Assyrian funerary jars with bones spilling from them…
In early states, most people made do with one name. It was only in 15th-century Florence that officials imposed a s…
A no-deal Brexit is not an inevitability if Theresa May's deal is voted down. Allowing it to proceed would be a cho…
Joseph Kabila and his preferred successor must admit defeat, but the victor was not the opposition figure tipped to…
Jeremy Corbyn promised to hand back power to the party's members. Yet he continues to ignore their calls for anothe…
Matt Dillon plays Jack, an amateur architect and serial killer, who is seemingly stitched together from the corpses…
From 1980 to 2000 there were 38 successful coups in Africa. Since then there have only been 15
With Ukraine calling for fresh sanctions on Russia, Europe's gas supply again looks vulnerable
In the future clothes could be computers, made with materials designed and grown in a lab Supported by @Woolmark
China is hurtling up the rankings of scientific achievement. Should the world worry? Our cover this week…
Have we reached peak smartphone?
The generals' departure may have less tangible effects than many fear
A lost story by Sylvia Plath
No other advanced democracy has government shutdowns. In America they have become almost routine…
This week's cartoon from KAL
For industry, climate policy is a delicate balancing act
Hurrah for the return of the brooch From @1843mag
An exceptional period for America's economy is coming to an end—and the dollar ought to lose ground, too
With Kinshasa residents eager to get online, business for contraband SIM cards is booming
It was not until the 17th century that children began to be seen as innocents who must be protected from the ills o…
Jeremy Corbyn's carefully confected Brexit fudge tries to please everyone
Good preschool education helps get kids from poor families ready for school and do better in standardised tests
Labour's abdication of responsibility makes it complicit in the crisis that is about to engulf Britain
The Big Mac index shows currencies are very cheap against the dollar
Why Israel’s centrist parties will probably lose to Binyamin Netanyahu
Shinzo Abe visits Britain to firm up security ties
The labour market still looks rough for Americans without a college education
Before 1980 the federal government did not shut down
Hawkers are profiting from Congo’s internet blackout
Can China become a scientific superpower?
How long can Labour’s Eurosceptic leader keep Europhile members happy?
Can a no-deal Brexit be stopped?
How China could dominate science
Labour’s Brexit cop-out betrays its members
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
Economic data, commodities and markets
Traditional retail workers have had their own union for decades, while hardly any warehouse workers are union membe…
The death of baby-boomers will put downward pressure on house prices, but the wealth they leave will go to only a f…
Congo declares Félix Tshisekedi president. Voters suspect a stitch-up
Many Chinese companies are betting heavily on automation to remain competitive, even if American tariffs rise furth…
Some of the preferences were in line with those voiced on social media and in the press. Other prizes were more puz…
Since 2010, sudden price plummets on stockmarkets have become known as "flash crashes". But lurches can be terrifyi…
In a world that could see 1,000 internet-connected devices for each person, Arm hopes to soar by selling intellectu…
The old boys' club that dominates the upper echelons of finance pretends that it is women, not men, who create risk…
Women, including celebrities like Serena Williams, Keira Knightley and Ali Wong have started to speak out about the…
Kenya’s High Court will rule on whether to decriminalise same-sex intimacy in early 2019
Even if Donald Trump tries to secure funding for his wall and fails, he will score with his supporters
When the past is re-examined, how should it be judged? It is a raw subject, and “The Cane” leaves a mark
The EU's MiFID 2 directive will probably favour the biggest Wall Street firms
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
A new government ethics committee scrutinises Chinese games for violence, porn and the rewriting of history
The M9, as it has swiftly come to be known, has almost no material exhibits. It relies on digitised videos and phot…
The creator of English roses saw breeding them as he viewed living—all about trying, failing, and trying again
On issues like climate change, migration and inequality, the Greens represent a clear alternative to the right
After a catastrophic first term, Mr Maduro is arguably the world’s least successful president
Over the past decade, the number of guest spots given to the Liberal Democrats and UKIP has almost exactly matched…
In 1933 Heath Robinson came up with an ingenious solution to the problem of living somewhere with no outdoor space…
The death of baby-boomers will put downward pressure on house prices, but the wealth they leave will go to only a f…
The Globes are unpredictable simply because their selection of winners is often so eccentric as to be baffling
Declaring a national emergency in order to build a border wall would immediately trigger lawsuits
Shifting social mores is a preferred topic of the playwright, a leading light of “in-yer-face” theatre
Italy is littered with musei del Novecento, but the others are galleries of 20th-century art. This one is different
Discover how China is using facial recognition to cement the Communist party's authoritarian rule
The split from Russia’s Orthodox church is a blow to Russian influence in Ukraine
The domestic environment for most children has changed profoundly—families are becoming smaller and women are beari…
What regulation is needed to enable blockchain to become widely adopted? #OpenFuture
America is heading for an almighty fight over presidential authority
The world's largest digital camera may shed some light on the “dark energy” that fuels the expansion of the universe
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
The Democracy Index's overall global score remained stable in 2018 for the first time in three years
In 2016 the Democrats won 17 seats by single-digit margins; this time they took 40
An obvious way to make buildings greener is a broad carbon tax. But that comes with problems, especially for the po…
Buildings produce a huge amount of carbon. Using more wood would be greener
Fiona Bruce will become the first permanent female host in the show’s 40-year history
How can we increase the joy of work? @econbartleby asks the vice president of Twitter, @brucedaisley, on this week'…
A word of advice from the vice president of Twitter, @brucedaisley: turn off your phone notifications.…
Have we reached peak smartphone? Our science and technology correspondent @tcross81 analyses Apple's announcement t…
Millions of Christmas trees end up in landfill every January, where they produce greenhouse gases as they rot. A ne…
The Euro celebrates its 20th birthday. What does the future hold for the currency? We look back at its launch with…
How the shutdown in Washington ends
Germany is still a laggard in cybersecurity, according to one expert, often having to turn abroad for help
John Bercow, speaker of the asylum
Donald Trump's plan may founder on the fact that Congress has not explicitly authorised spending for a border wall
How the shutdown is affecting America
Under California law PG&E must cover insurance claims and damages if its equipment contributed to the outbreak of a…
After a catastrophic first term, Mr Maduro is arguably the world’s least successful president
Question Time, the BBC’s flagship political show, gets a female host
Nicolás Maduro digs in for another six-year term
Programmes that keep employees fitter so companies can work them harder are not the best way to improve morale
Recent no-deal preparations were intended to intimidate wavering Tory MPs into backing Theresa May’s deal
America is heading for an almighty fight over presidential authority
The latest flash crash came on January 2nd, when the Japanese yen rose sharply and the Australian dollar fell follo…
Fine wines are popular with investors, and the wine world has asset managers hoping to turn a profit for their clie…
Roughly half of the world's population live in some sort of democracy, but only 4.5% live in what The Economist Int…
Where is the dollar headed in 2019?
Lars von Trier strikes another blow to the serial-killer genre
Cynics have noted that the "migrant crisis" may help Theresa May's potential successors burnish their leadership cr…
A data-driven technology is giving doctors a winning edge in the battle against strokes Supported by…
In the end, "G0d" turned out to be a 20-year-old amateur hacker living with his parents in a small German town
Can Donald Trump use emergency powers to build a southern-border wall?
A young hacker spooks the German establishment
The fate of the dollar will shape financial markets in 2019
In the easy-going Netherlands, two worlds have clashed
Masayoshi Son calls Arm, a chip-design firm, his "crystal ball"
After adjusting for inflation, the earnings of American workers without a college education have scarcely risen in…
More recent estimates suggest that the direct cost of mercury pollution could be perhaps as high as $4.8bn per year
Can a no-deal Brexit be stopped?
Some credit-recovery programmes—online courses that can be taken if a student fails a class—are being used as diplo…
Mr Kuma still remembers his childhood shock as a bullet-train station rose out of the rice paddies in Yokoyama, nea…
Britain relies on the notion that its politicians know where the unwritten lines of the constitution lie, and do no…
Labour's patient left were kept going by a burning faith that history would eventually move in their direction
For those who make a living navigating financial markets, 2018 was a rotten year
With almost 80% of people living in cities an overwhelming majority of children now lead urban lives
Child-development experts agree that almost any family, however imperfect, is better than none at all
Vinci's purchase of Gatwick airport cements the group's position as the world's largest private airport operator
"Mr Five Per Cent" presents Gulbenkian as a man driven more by the thrill of commerce itself than Mammon
Many Catholics question whether the pope understands the degree of public outrage over clerical sex abuse
Five African leaders have died in office since 2010—all of natural causes
More than half of babies born today in Japan can expect to live to 100
In Chinese mythology, civilisation dates from the efforts by the Emperor Yu to tame the floods 4,000 years ago
The robot revolution will help keep China competitive in the trade war
The court will have to address whether it is competent to adjudicate on a case of partisan gerrymandering
A rising cost of living and anti-immigrant sentiment has led tech workers to shun America in favour of Canada
In 2019 competition between two new mega-hub airports will drive down global airfares
Western European countries continue to fret about their dependence on Russian gas
Blockchain is neither the end of, nor the solution to, trust, argues @kwerb. It’s a new form of trust #OpenFuture
"Some young people give up on romance entirely. They find it too much bother, and stay at home staring at their scr…
A contrast between dissimilar twins is at the heart of @Claire_Trini's assured and compelling first novel
David Austin thought of the rose as a symbol of beauty, love, history, politics and war
A common target for a clean-up is the category of "awesome" words: brilliant, amazing, epic and their like were all…
"I think artificial intelligence will, for decades to come, be less of a worry than real stupidity", Martin Rees te…
The film is a Mexican "Upstairs, Downstairs" shorn of sentimentality
Is democracy in danger? @robertguest1 examine's the Democracy Index compiled by @TheEIU
The euro is more popular than ever, but needs a remodelling that politicians seem unwilling or unable to enact
For all his skill as a writer, Kader Khan was best loved for his turns in front of the camera
What does it take to clean up a corrupt state?
Chinese firms might use the trade war as an opportunity to become even more efficient
About 29,000 people in America died from overdosing on opioids such as fentanyl in 2017, up from about 5,000 in 2014
Governments are trying, but mostly failing, to curb emissions from the construction and use of buildings
Democracy is in danger around the world. Our foreign editor, Robert Guest, explains what the Economist Intelligence…
The Republicans gerrymandered Michigan’s 11th district. In 2018 the Democrats won anyway
Cement-making alone accounts for 6% of the world's carbon emissions. Steel accounts for another 8%…
The latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democracy Index gives reasons to be hopeful…
The retreat of global democracy stopped in 2018
Democracy stopped declining in 2018, according to the latest edition of The Economist Intelligence Unit’s Democracy…
Democracy is in danger around the world, despite political engagement being at an all time high. Robert Guest, our…
Indian history has been a long battle to predict, harness and exploit the monsoon—or cope with its failure
His chameleonic empathy made him a superb broker of many-sided deals that seemed to satisfy all parties, including…
In 1990 28% of Spain was forested; now the proportion is 37%
The meaning of the blockchain
Seaborne Freight’s business plan for the ferry service between Ramsgate and Ostend was actually plausible, if risky
Hoping words would stop rising and falling is as futile as wanting technology, politics or fashion to freeze
Investors should keep their seat belts fastened in cases of market turbulence
In a staggering 450 films, he played a range of comic and tragic characters, from police constables and crooks to t…
Having children lowers women’s lifetime earnings, an outcome known as the “child penalty”
The outlook is dim for Americans without college degrees
PG&E is accustomed to disaster, but its current turmoil marks the start of something new
A failed coup in Gabon highlights the staying power of Africa’s ageing leaders
California’s biggest utility is in deep trouble
Lake Ohrid was once known as the Balkan Jerusalem for its 365 churches, one for each day of the year From @1843mag
One economic model from J.P. Morgan implies a 91% probability of recession in America this year
The Supreme Court will consider gerrymandering again
One problem with many new regulations is that they only apply to new buildings
Kengo Kuma’s vision of Tokyo
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
Donald Trump failed to understand that the generals’ loyalty was not to him, but to the national interest
The Egyptian state views the building of churches as a security issue
Climate-change denial is, in part, the result of lobbying. But psychology also plays a role
The value of fine Burgundy wine has more than doubled in the past three years
The government should have held an open tendering process when awarding the contract to Seaborne Freight
India has dreams of "interlinking" 37 rivers through 14,000km of canals
Educated whites abandoned Republican House candidates in 2018 and showed the risks of gerrymandering…
If rock groups are businesses, businesses are getting more like rock bands, with less emphasis on protocol, rank an…
The return from the S&P 500 index was negative last year, the first time that has happened in a decade
China's government has been tightening protections for young gamers, fearing for their eyesight and mental health
Few British baby-boomers downsize; their death will free up housing for younger generations
Whatever his mood, the scent of a rose calmed David Austin—and raised his spirits like no other flower
Masayoshi Son boasts that his chip-design firm could become more valuable than Google
The backlash against Seaborne Freight is an indication of a prejudice that exists against transport startups
Mrs Warren will need to shed her reputation as a far-out leftie by proving that she has a sensible plan for funding…
As well as compellingly tracing Gulbenkian's professional dealings, a new biography evokes his dysfunctional family
Even though it has riled Vladimir Putin, some 60% of Russians say they are not bothered by the Ukrainian split
The Christmas period is usually a quiet time for stockmarkets. Not this year
"Golden Child" is set in rural Trinidad, where @Claire_Trini grew up. Her depiction of the island is intimate and w…
In 2019 clothing with built-in, battery-powered packs will go on sale Supported by @intel
On January 6th, the president of Congo's electoral commission said that he had received a tally for only 53% of the…
Generational differences come to the fore in Mark Ravenhill’s claustrophobic new play
Disney seems to have found a magic formula: extravagant remakes of animated fantasies that audiences already love
The policing and provision of identity is one of the foundations of modern states and the lives lived in them
It has been difficult to get reliable information in Congo. The internet and text-message services have been turned…
If Togo’s president pushes his constitutional changes through parliament without adequate support, the result could…
A selection of words that you can safely toss out of your vocabulary
Visitors will leave marvelling at—and, in some cases, despairing of—entrancing, infuriating, sinful, sacred, seduct…
Revised EU rules could evolve into an unofficial international standard for asset managers
The Southern Gas Corridor, an EU scheme to import gas from the Caspian region, does little to curb dependence on Ru…
When employers try to alter workers' behaviour at home, privacy issues arise
Does nabbing 288 out of 299 seats mean the Awami League and its leader, Sheikh Hasina Wajed, are growing ever more…
A senior Chinese diplomat has said it will be “the most important diplomatic event” in China this year
The Ukrainian church's declaration of independence is regarded by the Russian Orthodox church as a flagrant violati…
Arm's designs for computer chips are the most popular on the planet. They could power everything from self-driving…
The 1960s and 1970s transformed the role of women in the law and the legal profession. “RBG” would be key to many o…
The margin between coming first and second in track cycling can be thousandths of a second Sponsored by…
An obvious way to make buildings greener is a broad carbon tax. But that comes with problems, especially for the po…
Buildings made of wood are better for the planet and safer than you think
How the Democrats won Michigan's 11th district despite Republican gerrymandering
The Golden Globes, as the season’s first big bash, take place before a consensus has formed
“As we ventured deeper into the maze of tunnels, it felt like pure Indiana Jones, except with iPhone torches to gui…
The current budget impasse is the second-longest America has seen since 1981
The ruined Mesoamerican city of Teotihuacán is deeply mysterious: we don’t know who built it, why it was abandoned…
The Beatles split up after a mere seven years at the top, yet the Rolling Stones are still going. One startup flash…
Generations of children grew up on Disney's animated backlist, and enough time has passed to retell the classics us…
“On the Basis of Sex” zeroes in on Moritz v Internal Revenue Service, the first case involving gender discriminatio…
Governments are trying, but mostly failing, to curb emissions from the construction and use of buildings
Buildings produce a huge amount of carbon. Using more wood would be greener
For David Austin, the challenge was not to create a perfect flower, but to bring out its best qualities
“The sooner Britain gets out of it the better.” Our interview with Vote Leave campaign director Dominic Cummings, f…
Many regard wearable devices as a spy on their wrist, transmitting information to their boss
Dominic Cummings’ idea of Britain outside the EU clashed with the nostalgic vision of many Brexiteers.…
The creation of a Ukrainian Orthodox church is a political win for Petro Poroshenko, who faces a tough re-election…
As Donald Trump enters the second half of his first term, is his luck about to change? Listen to this and more of o…
Although some agencies are open for business, about 800,000 workers have been affected by the shutdown
This is the latest postponement in an election that was already two years late
Elizabeth Warren kicks off her presidential campaign in Iowa
Seaborne Freight is the ferry startup that journalists love to hate
“Roma” is ideal background viewing for the “Fourth Transformation” promised by AMLO, Mexico’s new president
America's high-school graduation rates have increased while other measures of learning and achievement are flat or…
America’s damaging flip-flops in Syria
The new geopolitics of the Middle East
Before the referendum in 2016 our Bagehot columnist sat down with the atypical politco and strategist Dominic Cummi…
Future smart watches may be able to give you early warning of Parkinson's
The Golden Globes were full of surprises, as ever
What causes a flash crash?
In this week’s “Tasting menu” podcast, the young economists to watch this decade and should companies monitor their…
Faure Gnassingbé wants to introduce presidential term limits but still remain in power until 2030
The US government is now in its second-longest shutdown
Oil gives Guyana's government and opposition something new to fight over
The arrival of Somali-Americans in St Cloud, Minnesota is not without backlash. Some churches have hosted anti-Musl…
While members of the currency union trade more with each other, gains from the euro have been modest
The latest delay in Congo's election is stoking suspicions that the government of Joseph Kabila is trying to rig th…
A Norway-style Brexit would be a compromise but it offers many advantages, even for Brexiteers. Last year we looked…
Electoral triumph and a roaring economy gave Mr Trump an air of invulnerability. The weather has now changed
Obituary: David Austin died on December 18th
Ukrainian Christians celebrate their first Christmas under an independent church
"Golden Child" is a tough, original novel of remarkable poise and confidence
The bias favouring the Republicans in the House of Representatives vanished in 2018
Throughout the rich world couples marry later than they used to—Sweden has the oldest brides and grooms, 34 and 36…
Amid an internet blackout, Congo delays election results
Arm anticipates a payday when autonomous cars arrive in the mass market
Why airports remain attractive for investors
In the two millennia from antiquity to the 17th century, children were mostly seen as imperfect adults
The generals' departure may have less tangible effects than many fear
An increased focus on preschool education helps women get back to work, with the added benefit of boosting GDP
Two-thirds of Beijing's tap-water now comes from a reservoir in central China, nearly 1,500km (930 miles) away
The domestic environment for most children has changed profoundly—families are becoming smaller and women are beari…
China's government has approved just 80 new games from a backlog that probably suprasses 5,000
Calouste Gulbenkian, a tycoon and philanthropist, helped to shape today's oil industry
Installations of industrial robots in China in 2017 rose by 59% to 138,000, more than America and Europe combined
Almost two-fifths of western Europe's gas is supplied by Russian pipes
Albanian mobsters are brutal, ruthless and showy—but much less sophisticated than true mafiosi
Improvements to the Vatican's media machinery may not save the pope from himself. He has a penchant for extemporisi…
In 2019 it will add "Dumbo", "Aladdin" and "The Lion King" to its roster of "live-action remakes". The revamps are…
Despite attending Christmas masses, Egypt’s president has done little to improve the plight of Coptic Christians
Since December 24th, when the date of Israel’s election was set, five new opposition parties have been formed
Truly far-sighted investors can see through the ups and downs of 2018, and for them falling asset prices are good n…
A thematic chronicle of Italy’s recent history could be rather earnest. The M9 makes it fun
Like households, language is tidied and renovated, but constantly rather than once a year
In several districts, opposition candidates failed to garner a single vote—not even their own
Big investment banks have been pulling away from the rest, and an EU directive may have merely sped the process up
It is an unusual stance for animal-lovers, but conservationists in New Zealand are hoping to bring about a mass ext…
In several districts, opposition candidates failed to garner a single vote—not even their own
Much of the whale meat ends up in schools and nursing homes, where the clientele has little choice
H’hen Nie is an unlikely idol for Vietnam. In a country that prizes long, flowing hair and pale complexions, she is…
King Vajiralongkorn, who spends most of his time abroad in a sumptuous residence near Munich, insisted on tweaking…
It will be the biggest horticultural show ever held anywhere
American presence peaked in 2010, at more than 100,000 troops. But even then, America failed to root out the insurg…
Fans loved to him see trade barbs with Govinda, a comedy star of the 1990s, either as a trusted sidekick or a worth…
The rise in American high-school graduation rates looks puffed-up
Israel’s opposition could defeat Binyamin Netanyahu—if they united
As the army and politicians bicker, Thailand’s king amasses more power
Young people are ill-served by expensive degrees. Here's why
The euro enters its third decade in need of reform
Political theatrics threaten to distract Europe in 2019
Why more buildings should be made of wood
Congo has a shambolic, unfair election, two years late
One problem with many new regulations is that they only apply to new buildings
Cement-making alone accounts for 6% of the world's carbon emissions. Steel accounts for another 8%…
Educated whites abandoned Republican House candidates in 2018 and showed the risks of gerrymandering…
The Green-European Free Alliance may be poised to see big gains in European Parliament elections in May
The EU’s unbundling directive is reinforcing the power of scale
Obituary: Amos Oz died on December 28th
A recession in Turkey now appears imminent
Amateur buyers of fine Burgundy fear a speculative bubble
Indian history has been a long battle to predict, harness and exploit the monsoon—or cope with its failure
Efforts to make buildings greener are not working
The era of divided government in Washington begins, inauspiciously
As well as compellingly tracing Gulbenkian's professional dealings, a new biography evokes his dysfunctional family
The Trump administration is weakening the global trading system
Masayoshi Son wants Arm’s blueprints to power all tech
"Golden Child" is set in rural Trinidad, where @Claire_Trini grew up. Her depiction of the island is intimate and w…
The radical agenda of Brazil’s new president
When the past is re-examined, how should it be judged? It is a raw subject, and “The Cane” leaves a mark
Cheer up, millennials! It will become easier to buy a house
Britain’s political landscape has been shaped by patient politicians
A common target for a clean-up is the category of "awesome" words: brilliant, amazing, epic and their like were all…
A startling novel of twins and Trinidad
China plans the biggest garden show ever
The M9, as it has swiftly come to be known, has almost no material exhibits. It relies on digitised videos and phot…
Selective universities appear not to increase inequality
On January 7th, Egypt’s Copts celebrate a sad Christmas
There’s simply no reason to constantly agonise about split infinitives. So why do people care so much?
A plan to reduce Europe’s dependence on Russian gas looks shaky
If everyone went vegan by 2050 food related greenhouse-gas emissions could be reduced by three-quarters
The federal government backtracks on mercury-emissions rules
His monologues avoided long words and lofty concepts. Moviegoers of all kinds would cheer and whistle
The main concerns in American markets are provoked by the Fed itself
There is little evidence that gangs formed in the Balkans have expanded internationally
An obvious way to make buildings greener is a broad carbon tax. But that comes with problems, especially for the po…
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
Donald Trump's expectations of his generals reflect his hazy understanding of the presidency
Despite France’s inclusive tertiary education system, the country performs poorly in terms of intergenerational mob…
The bias favouring the Republicans in the House of Representatives vanished in 2018
Sajid Javid has labelled recent attempted channel crossings a "major incident". This is not reflected in the number…
The Large Synoptic Survey Telescope will produce the most detailed survey of the sky yet made, opening a window on…
If experiences at Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, are anything to go by, workers’ activism may not lead to u…
Aadhaar, India's project to create a national register of citizens, is not voluntary—it has been mooted as a requir…
Britain's patient tendency is doing far more harm to the country than short-termism ever did
Peak Death for baby-boomers could occur in 2034, pushing house prices down by 0.7% a year
Donald Trump’s destructive tactics were supposed to topple a self-serving elite. But he has filled the swamp rather…
Russia has proved that it will stick with even its most monstrous allies
Airports have added appeal for investors, with profits from car-parking and retail on top of airline fees
Younger vintages of fine wine have become pricier than older ones—the wine equivalent of a yield-curve inversion
A political crisis in South America's newest petro-power
Removing the Obama-era rule on mercury emissions is an obsession of Bob Murray, a coal baron with the president's e…
Look a little beyond the trade spat between China and America and you find that the way countries trade is shifting…
Jair Bolsonaro's most important task is to slash pension costs
What the market turmoil means for 2019
On issues like climate change, migration and inequality, the Greens represent a clear alternative to the right
After America leaves Syria, what next?
Populist parties are likely to win more power than ever before in the 2019 European elections Supported by @intel
The Beatles split up after a mere seven years at the top, while the Rolling Stones are still going. One startup fla…
Some parts of the Vatican are hostile towards the pope’s plans to shake-up the Catholic church's central administra…
Jair Bolsonaro must fight corruption and crime in ways that reinforce the rule of law rather than undermining it
Disney earned more than $7bn at the global box office in 2016 and 2018. Its share price has risen by more than 150%…
Jim Mattis and John Kelly had little influence on the president
Russia is increasingly supplanting America as the region’s power-broker
Will Europe’s Green parties be the new leaders of the political left?
Is the euro strong enough to withstand another upheaval?
Togo’s opposition coalition accused the government of rigging the voters’ register for the election last month
Robots will help Chinese firms cope with wages and the trade war
Investors’ appetite for transport infrastructure remains undiminished
Biased institutions usher Bangladesh’s ruling party to a third term
How a small city is responding to a huge influx of Somali-Americans
The lira has lost nearly 30% of its value in dollar terms over the past year
The fate of Syria is now in Russia’s hands
The Republicans gerrymandered Michigan’s 11th district. In 2018 the Democrats won anyway
Cold-water swimming is surging in popularity. What makes taking the plunge so good for the mind and body?
Governments are trying, but mostly failing, to curb emissions from the construction and use of buildings
Buildings made of wood are better for the planet and safer than you think
Observers feared that officials and soldiers were nudging people to vote for the president’s chosen successor
The euro still needs fixing
A new film manages to turn the run-up to a tiny tax case into gripping cinema
Japan withdraws from the treaty that bans hunting whales
Hipsters, RIP
Oil riches raise the political stakes in Guyana
European countries with less selective university admissions are not necessarily more equal
The failure of gerrymandering
A baguette-bedecked beauty queen bedevils bigots in Vietnam
The “Albanian mafia” are not really a mafia
Disney goes back to the future
The recklessness that makes Albanian crime families so frightening also makes them vulnerable to straightforward po…
An uptick in migrants crossing the Channel by boat
Togo’s president suffers an electoral setback
Half of all clothes are thrown away within one year Supported by @Woolmark
China ends a long freeze on new video games
In 2019 it will add "Dumbo", "Aladdin" and "The Lion King" to its roster of "live-action remakes". The revamps are…
Returns on stocks in 2018 were down across the board
A government scheme to scatter poison worries New Zealanders
What to expect from the second half of Donald Trump’s first term
The spy who hired me
For all his skill as a writer, Kader Khan was best loved for his turns in front of the camera
In 2016 the Democrats won 17 seats by single-digit margins; this time they took 40
When others do not recognise an individual's identity, living anything like a modern life is impossible
Until a spark of unrest challenges Nicolás Maduro’s iron grip over Venezuela, there is little the international com…
The struggle over water in India and China
“Roma” reflects on Mexico’s past, and its present
Beyond Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium, there is still little sign of a Green wave
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
As inequality grows, so does the political influence of the rich
Buildings produce a huge amount of carbon. Using more wood would be greener
Coptic Christians make up 10% of Egypt’s population, but successive governments have failed to guarantee them equal…
One problem with many new regulations is that they only apply to new buildings
If Mr Netanyahu remains Israel’s prime minister after an election in April, it will be in large part because the op…
Airports have been privatised at a rapid rate in recent years, with more than half of European airports now having…
The advent of the euro has not led to deep integration of economies, banks and capital markets in the monetary union
Recep Tayyip Erdogan has little room to manoeuvre, and the markets are watching more attentively than last year
In July 2019 the world will remember the moment 50 years earlier when Neil Armstrong first set foot on the moon Su…
“On the Basis of Sex”, a powerful new film, portrays Ms Ginsburg a generation before she became America’s 107th jus…
"I think artificial intelligence will, for decades to come, be less of a worry than real stupidity", Martin Rees te…
The arts sector is growing, without much government intervention and despite the country’s economic difficulties
How the Democrats won Michigan's 11th district despite Republican gerrymandering
Albanian mobsters are brutal, ruthless and showy—but much less sophisticated than true mafiosi
His chameleonic empathy made him a superb broker of many-sided deals that seemed to satisfy all parties, including…
More than three times as many asylum-seekers came to Britain in 2002 than in 2017
Even if the stockmarket rouses itself in the coming weeks, 2019 is likely to be bumpier than investors are used to
The world's largest digital camera may shed some light on the “dark energy” that fuels the expansion of the universe
Hoping words would stop rising and falling is as futile as wanting technology, politics or fashion to freeze
In theory, Jair Bolsonaro backs a vital reform of pensions. In practice, he has been lukewarm
In Chinese mythology, civilisation dates from the efforts by the Emperor Yu to tame the floods 4,000 years ago
Look a little beyond the trade spat between China and America and you find that the way countries trade is shifting…
Italy is littered with musei del Novecento, but the others are galleries of 20th-century art. This one is different
Three-quarters of Brazilians say the incoming government is on the right course
Shifting social mores is a preferred topic of the playwright, a leading light of “in-yer-face” theatre
Resignations from the pope’s communications team come at a time when his embattled papacy needs to get its messages…
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
Airbus and Boeing, the world’s planemaking giants, will soon have few serious competitors left
Until a spark of unrest challenges Nicolás Maduro’s iron grip over Venezuela, there is little the international com…
University entrance in France is regarded as a right. Recent reforms will probably not change that mindset…
The Netherlands spends 4.3% of its GDP on long-term care, the highest in the OECD
Features could be developed that offer an early warning of the onset of Parkinson’s
Twins make up only a small fraction of the population but loom disproportionately large in literature
Twins make up only a small fraction of the population but loom disproportionately large in literature
The ruined Mesoamerican city of Teotihuacán is deeply mysterious: we don’t know who built it, why it was abandoned…
The immediate losers of America’s planned withdrawal are Syria’s Kurds, whose dream of an autonomous region is impe…
The next elections, whenever they happen, could be as bitter as any in Guyana’s history
“Roma” captures Mexico’s chaotic modernisation
Salty, stodgy and delicious, pierogi are the ultimate comfort food From @1843mag
In the city of Beni, where voting was barred, residents staged a mock vote in protest
Loneliness is a serious public-health problem
Many European Greens see a chance to supplant social democratic parties as the big players on the left
Cement-making alone accounts for 6% of the world's carbon emissions. Steel accounts for another 8%…
An obvious way to make buildings greener is a broad carbon tax. But that comes with problems, especially for the po…
You will struggle to think of a sequel which takes such pains to imitate its predecessor
About 29,000 people in America died from overdosing on opioids such as fentanyl in 2017, up from about 5,000 in 2014
Russia says Bashar al-Assad’s heavy hand is needed to keep Syria stable. That is mistaken
For those saving for retirement, 2018's falling stock prices have an upside
Naysayers have some big concerns. They claim that Celgene was extremely cheap for good reason
In 2050 greenhouse emissions from agriculture in a vegan world would be 70% lower than in a world where people ate…
Faure Gnassingbé’s party lost seats in an election last month, even though almost no one was standing against it
Mr Rees believes other life forms may exist, but they may be so different to us as to be incomprehensible…
The House passed two bills nominally aimed at reopening government, but actually designed to pressure Senate Republ…
Generational differences come to the fore in Mark Ravenhill’s claustrophobic new play
Two-thirds of Beijing's tap-water now comes from a reservoir in central China, nearly 1,500km (930 miles) away
Can virtual reality teach men to avoid sexually harassing women? Supported by @Mishcon_de_Reya
The share of young British men who feel that asking for sexual favours represents sexual harassment has dropped sin…
Calouste Gulbenkian, a tycoon and philanthropist, helped to shape today's oil industry
Working longer hours may simply lead to wasted effort
"Golden Child" is a tough, original novel of remarkable poise and confidence
There is little evidence that gangs formed in the Balkans have expanded internationally
A recession in Turkey now appears imminent
Some of the most equal countries in Europe have the most selective university admissions systems…
Like households, language is tidied and renovated, but constantly rather than once a year
Together Boeing and Embraer would control 40% of the market for regional jets
Why Green parties are gaining in popularity in parts of Europe
Winning over Celgene’s shareholders, who will be able to recoup some of their losses, should be fairly easy
Governments are trying, but mostly failing, to curb emissions from the construction and use of buildings
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
More than a year on from the rise of #MeToo, have definitions of unacceptable behaviour towards women changed?
Many of Binyamin Netanyahu’s opponents seem to be waiting for the legal system, rather than the election, to bring…
America, Russia and China prepare for a new era of faster, smarter and more nimble missiles
The 1960s and 1970s transformed the role of women in the law and the legal profession. “RBG” would be key to many o…
Seven Copts were gunned down near a Minya monastery in November. The jihadists of Islamic State claimed responsibil…
The 116th is the most female and most diverse Congress ever, though that diversity mainly exists on one side of the…
“Mary Poppins Returns” aims to be nothing more than lavish, sweet-natured family entertainment—and it succeeds
The woes of Pope Francis
Donald Trump's EPA rolls back regulation on mercury emissions, in the latest attempt to aid the nation's ailing coa…
Democrats in control of the House should hold Mr Trump to account, but be careful not to serve as props in his perm…
In 2012 only 56% of high-school students in Washington DC graduated. By 2017 that rate had apparently climbed to 73%
Just 15% of those buying wine on one wine-trading website are doing so to drink it, according to the platform’s own…
Bristol-Myers Squibb looks to swallow Celgene
The Somali population in St Cloud, Minnesota is dynamic, but also a community apart from the mainstream
Only 312 migrants crossed the English channel in 2018. In contrast, 113,145 made it across the Mediterranean
Amazon cares about its reputation as a progressive company. It is more likely to listen to workers than big retaile…
Chinese officials are trying to dissuade people from burying their dead. This is not the first time
Young men are changing their definitions of sexual harassment
Some perceptions of what constitutes inappropriate behaviour have shifted, but in ways that you might not expect
Will humans wipe out humanity?
Teaming up with Boeing should bolster Embraer’s sales force and widen its customer base. But the deal is not yet do…
The most diverse Congress ever convenes
Donald Trump believed Jim Mattis and John Kelly would be ruthless executors of his will. He was mistaken
Investors were spooked after Apple warned that revenues in the fourth quarter would undershoot expectations by up t…
As the euro turns 20, how prepared is it for the next crisis? Thread 👇
Airlines are about to lose another planemaker
On Britain's left and right, patient politics appears to have won out
The death of baby-boomers will put downward pressure on house prices, but the wealth they leave will go to only a f…
Passengers were delayed at Gatwick airport last month after suspected drone sightings. So was the announcement that…
In 1993 a Canadian village unveiled a giant sculpture of a pierogi on a fork From @1843mag
Not for nothing is the national motto “Naija no dey carry last” (“Nigerians strive to finish first”)
Mark Ravenhill raises “The Cane”
Where should you look to invest in 2019? Our capital-markets editor John O'Sullivan suggests the best strategy for…
Many fear the government will fraudulently declare President Joseph Kabila’s chosen successor the winner
If there is one thing Guyanese agree on, it is that Venezuela must not seize its future oil wealth
Worldwide the suicide rate is down by 29% since 2000. In America it's up by 18%
Buildings made of wood are better for the planet and safer than you think
Political differences between northern and southern Europe are holding back the euro from solving its flaws
The currency union has strong public support. But its economic record is poor
One problem with many new regulations is that they only apply to new buildings
Last year less than 35% of the world’s electricity was generated from non-carbon sources, according to BP
To wander the streets of Queens in New York is to walk through what makes America great
Donald Trump says explicitly what Barack Obama’s reluctance to engage implied: America has no vital interests in Sy…
Hypersonic weapons give adversaries less time to respond, and their manoeuvrability makes them harder to intercept
The new era of divided government brings an end to the congressional supineness that has defined Donald Trump's tim…
What startups can learn from the Stones From @1843mag
The Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, in the Chilean Andes, will take 3,200 megapixel snaps with an exposure time of…
Getting Jair Bolsonaro’s agenda through congress may be even harder than overcoming the government’s internal divis…
Rumours of an American pull-out from Afghanistan appear exaggerated
KAL’s cartoon
The extraordinary life of Calouste Gulbenkian
Jair Bolsonaro must end his career as a provocateur and become a statesman
In a staggering 450 films, he played a range of comic and tragic characters, from police constables and crooks to t…
In 2019 the Democrats could begin impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump Supported by @intel
Visitors will be reminded that everything from tea and rice to many of the plants that are grown in Western gardens…
Generations of children grew up on Disney's animated backlist, and enough time has passed to retell the classics us…
In Sheikh Hasina's own district, the margin of victory was more than 1,000:1
There are rumours that Apple has tried to develop glucose monitoring on its watch
Tim Cook said he expected revenues in the fourth quarter of 2018 to be $84bn—around 10% lower than expected
Will Amazon’s workers unionise?
The currency union must move faster to share risks among its members
As America prepares to pull its troops out of Syria, Russia grows more entrenched
The solar industry has struggled to produce profits reliably at scale
Winston Churchill once called it "a crime without a name". Finding a word for the unspeakable horrors hasn't helped…
Turkey is still on the brink of a recession
In 2017 America’s Department of Justice guessed that fentanyl purchased in China for $3,000-5,000 could be worth ar…
What to make of Brazil’s new firebrand president, Jair Bolsonaro
Buildings produce a huge amount of carbon. Using more wood would be greener
Governments are trying, but mostly failing, to curb emissions from the construction and use of buildings
New instruments will study the universe’s most mysterious component
What do James @Comey, Steve Bannon and Anthony @Scaramucci have in common? Hear it from them on “The Economist asks…
Birth rates in America are in deep decline. This is why
Mr Trump’s respect for Mrs Pelosi pre-dates his recent need for her cooperation
Climate-change denial is, in part, the result of lobbying. But psychology also plays a role
Russia’s recent test highlights the early stages of what could become a hypersonic arms race between America, Russi…
Why spreading your bets is probably the best strategy for investing in 2019
A contrast between dissimilar twins is at the heart of @Claire_Trini's assured and compelling first novel
Women, including celebrities like Serena Williams, Keira Knightley and Ali Wong have started to speak out about the…
A defensive Europe of Christian nation states will set itself against a post-modern and increasingly integrated Eur…
President Donald Trump’s trade war may be inflicting damage on companies at home
The explosion of artistic activity is not ignited by state largesse
Americans make up 5% of the global population but consume 30% of the world’s prescription narcotics
The best day trips from Mexico City From @1843mag
As people grow richer, they consume—and discard—more
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
A thematic chronicle of Italy’s recent history could be rather earnest. The M9 makes it fun
A small but telling detail: Donald Trump has refrained from giving Nancy Pelosi a nickname
Cement-making alone accounts for 6% of the world's carbon emissions. Steel accounts for another 8%…
What’s the one place on earth you can find Bjorn Ulvaeus of @ABBA, James @Comey, @SarahGRafferty of “Suits” and…
In 2019 clothing with built-in, battery-powered packs will go on sale Supported by @intel
Fewer bees will mean fewer plants and therefore less to eat and less oxygen to breathe
The Republicans gerrymandered Michigan’s 11th district. In 2018 the Democrats won anyway
The history of the euro is marked by policy mistakes which must not be repeated
Hypersonic weapons can travel more than five times the speed of sound
Once you twig that it is following assiduously in the footsteps of “Mary Poppins”, it starts to feel oppressively p…
Is #MeToo helping women in the workplace, or undermining the presumption of innocence? In 2018 on "The Economist as…
Donald Trump likes tough people—and at 78 the Speaker's steeliness is undiminished
India has dreams of "interlinking" 37 rivers through 14,000km of canals
So long as Vladimir Putin allows Bashar al-Assad to rule wildly, Syria’s future will remain uncertain
“Roma” subtly highlights the ambiguity of the muchacha’s role just when it is evolving
No past president has revelled as Jair Bolsonaro has in the enemies he has made and the offence he has caused
"Mr Five Per Cent" presents Gulbenkian as a man driven more by the thrill of commerce itself than Mammon
What Apple's announcement says about the global economy should worry all investors
Most projections for the end of the universe see distant galaxies and stars winking out one by one
What are hypersonic weapons?
Donald Trump has been fortunate in the first half of his term. This good luck may soon run out
A profit warning from Apple jolts markets worldwide
A selection of words that you can safely toss out of your vocabulary
Jair Bolsonaro is a dangerous populist, with some good ideas
Without faster reform of the euro-zone, its debt crisis will flare up again
Where should you look to invest in 2019?
It would help reduce pollution and slow global warming if more builders used wood
Disney seems to have found a magic formula: extravagant remakes of animated fantasies that audiences already love
The rise in American high-school graduation rates looks puffed-up
The early years are getting increasing attention
Ultima Thule is part of the Kuiper belt, a collection of asteroids and dwarf planets outside the orbit of Neptune
The failure of gerrymandering
This week’s cartoon from KAL
Some argue that what Donald Trump really wants is not the wall, but merely the fight over it
In 2050 greenhouse emissions from agriculture in a vegan world would be 70% lower than in a world where people ate…
Ghana and Ivory Coast produce about 60% of the world’s cocoa, but see little of the earnings from chocolate sales
Even if Mr Trump's trade policies turn out to be temporary, the uncertainty they cause may be permanent
While full-scale interstate warfare between great powers remains improbable, there is still scope for military comp…
In Mestre, an engaging new Museo del Novecento
The Apple watch can now perform a mobile electrocardiogram
The Beatles split up after a mere seven years at the top, whereas the Rolling Stones are still going. One startup f…
Electoral triumph and a roaring economy gave Mr Trump an air of invulnerability. The weather has now changed
Donald Trump’s term has so far been marked by his destructive instincts. The next two years could be even worse. Ou…
Maye Musk gave her children an outlandish degree of freedom to take risks. @1843mag talked to her about parenthood,…
Residents of Delhi inhale the equivalent of half a pack of cigarettes on an ordinary day, and two packs on a bad one
What to expect from the second half of his first term
No American state has passed a law that categorically forbids child marriage. In one of our most popular explainers…
What the market turmoil means for 2019
According to Indian Country Today, 110 Native American women ran for office in the mid-terms and at least 60 won
Where is the geographic centre of the global economy?
The euro enters its third decade in need of reform
Returns on stocks in 2018 were down across the board
The era of divided government in Washington begins, inauspiciously
An uptick in migrants crossing the Channel by boat
China says it has successfully landed its Chang'e-4 rover on the far side of the Moon. But why the desire to go the…
“While atheists may call themselves freethinkers, for many today atheism is a closed system of thought”
OneWeb plans to have 900 satellites in orbit by 2027. It wants to provide cheap internet connectivity everywhere
If Narendra Modi wins a second term, his party may be even blunter in imposing its Hindu-nationalist vision of a mo…
Japan hopes 40m tourists will visit each year by 2020. That would be 25% more than in 2017 Supported by @intel
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
Opening up jobs to black and female workers helped to boost America's productivity rate, a new study shows
Many owners of emus in America simply abandoned them in 1998. As a result, there are mobs of feral emus in parts of…
The transgender populist fighting fascists with face glitter
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
His monologues avoided long words and lofty concepts. Moviegoers of all kinds would cheer and whistle
“My life is not your porn,” read one poster
Fentanyl’s unusual potency—30 times greater than heroin’s—makes it easy to smuggle powerful amounts in small, hard-…
Père d'Entrecolles, a Jesuit priest from Lyon, sailed to China in 1700. His mission was to steal the secrets of por…
Strong welfare states are crucial for capitalism
The old boys' club that dominates the upper echelons of finance pretends that it is women, not men, who create risk…
Angola’s go-to app for delivering live goats to your door
“On the Basis of Sex” zeroes in on Moritz v Internal Revenue Service, the first case involving gender discriminatio…
Origami is inspiring new ways to fold satellites, steel and even nappies
For all the hot air about migration, Europe is not having anything like a serious debate about its border policies
Worldwide the suicide rate is down by 29% since 2000. In America it's up by 18%
Ultima Thule is what astronomers call a “contact binary”—two objects that have gently collided and fused
"Some young people give up on romance entirely. They find it too much bother, and stay at home staring at their scr…
Its broadcasting rights are now worth £2.8bn ($3.5bn) a year, making it the richest football league in the world
When the distribution of income spreads apart, a society begins to malfunction, affecting the mental health of ever…
Discrimination has long been framed primarily as an issue of equity. New studies suggest it is also an issue of eff…
Data alone are not valuable. You are
Multisensory architecture considers a building's acoustics, lighting, tactility and smell
Lagos is styling itself as Africa’s cultural capital
In America, about 2.7m tonnes of “ugly” produce is thrown out every year
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
No country imprisons a larger share of its people than America. Why?
Only 13% of the world’s population enjoys a free press
How can advancements in technology change the lives of those living with a disability? We look at the success of di…
The Economist has analysed its database of 100,000 forecasts by banks and consultancies to answer one question: How…
Up to 40% of the world’s zip market, by value, is controlled by YKK, a Japanese company
How might 2019 pan out? We turned to the wisdom of crowds to gauge the likelihood of certain events
Ultima Thule has the look of a 33km-long celestial snowman
Since 1988, The Economist has chosen the most promising young economists of the decade. Past winners include Nobel…
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
Nearly 63% of Instagram users report being miserable, a higher share than for any other social network
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
Expect to hear lots about fragmentation and the twilight of the old establishment
Declining discrimination has been a boon for America's economy, two recent papers suggest
Doctors in London are pioneering the use of augmented reality to improve skin-graft surgery Supported by @intel
The latest picture from the most distant space rock yet visited
We are so used to seeing gun ownership celebrated on screen, we barely notice it anymore. One of our most read arti…
The coming year is shaping up to be one of preferential trade deals
Can the symptoms of phantom limb syndrome be harnessed to enhance prosthetics? This and more in our "Babbage" podca…
If we do not protest when a million people are detained without trial, when will we speak out?
How I turned my suburban back garden into a vineyard From @1843mag
How equal rights can boost economic growth
Venezuela, which has been in freefall for years, is forecast to be the worst-performing economy in 2019
Britain, which is due to leave the European Union in March, is forecast to grow by a tepid 1.5%
The Trump administration is weakening the global trading system
Augmented-reality surgery, moon landings and a battle for the soul of Europe will be major talking points in the ye…
The fastest growers and biggest shrinkers of 2019
Working longer hours may simply lead to wasted effort
Political theatrics threaten to distract Europe in 2019
Right and left, democracies and autocracies are harking back to past glories. This nostalgia can be dangerous
The lessons of the past two presidential elections is that voters want the most novel candidate available to them
Kader Khan, a hero of Indian cinema
With the benefit of hindsight, predictions of an immediate post-referendum fall in spending looked naive. In Januar…
Toronto added more tech jobs in 2017 than San Francisco Bay area, Seattle and Washington, DC, combined
Having children lowers women’s lifetime earnings, an outcome known as the “child penalty”
A new film manages to turn the run-up to a tiny tax case into gripping cinema
It is as much a remake as it is a reboot, so if you have seen “Mary Poppins”—and you should—you will know the story
What Mick Jagger can teach us about management. From @1843mag
What to make of Brazil’s new firebrand president, Jair Bolsonaro
Using AI in business is exhilarating but perilous. One of our most popular special reports from the past year
The Apple watch can call the emergency services if you fall and fail to get up
Autonomous vehicles can now be seen on the roads in several American cities. One of our most popular special report…
In February, 29 women were arrested in Tehran for protesting against the compulsory hijab. One of most popular expl…
Will wearable devices make us healthier?
The margin between coming first and second in track cycling can be thousandths of a second Sponsored by…
There have been four global recessions since 1980, and the next could come at any moment. One of our most popular s…
The GRU has been involved in almost all of Russia's latest crises. Who are these hyperactive military spooks? One o…
One of our most popular videos of 2018 asks why cops kill, and what can be done about it?
Alexander Shestun, a powerful, wealthy politician and FSB informant, made enemies within the Russian state
To wander the streets of Queens in New York is to walk through what makes America great
Keynes wrote of a coming “age of leisure and abundance” in which people worked only 15 hours a week. What happened?…
The last time Australia suffered a recession, the Soviet Union still existed and the internet did not
The secret to Finland’s happiness might just be how boring it is. One of our most popular stories from the past year
In January the flu pandemic of 1918-20 loomed over discussions of the flu crisis. We explained why the 2017-18 flu…
Some of Mandarin's written characters ascribe negative stereotypes to women. One of our most popular stories from t…
More than half of babies born today in Japan can expect to live to 100
The story unspools through the late 1940s and into the 1950s picking up echoes of the McCarthyite witch-hunts and t…
Have flight attendants really gone wild? In fact, there is probably a much simpler explanation. One of our most pop…
In August, one of our most popular Technology Quarterly articles of the year argued that bitcoin has failed in its…
America says most illicit fentanyl comes from labs in China
Xi Jinping ordered officers to strengthen ties with their American counterparts
Private lawsuits are used to harass journalists deemed to be enemies of the state
Keynes belonged to a new breed of liberals who were not completely bound to unfettered private enterprise. From Aug…
Recycled plastic roads could wirelessly recharge electric cars or contain sensors for traffic monitoring
They want to turn the small town of Al Ula into Saudi Arabia's capital of culture
Frequent flyers profess to love the A380 superjumbo plane, but airlines are more ambivalent. One of our most popula…
In America, three firms control 95% of the credit-card market, and three networks control 78% of the telecoms market
A quarter of the world's population lives in countries that are not free. How do you bring down a dictator?
Faster planes could prove a supersonic boon for time-pressed travellers. One of our most popular Gulliver stories o…
One of the greatest challenges for liberalism is determining the limits of individual freedom
Brain-computer interfaces could offer a way for humans to co-exist with artificial intelligence. One of our most po…
Economists pay too little attention to the problems caused by valuing everything in terms of money
Awarding sitting MPs with knighthoods is not unusual, at least for Tory governments
Working fewer hours has been shown to improve employees’ health, happiness and productivity
The arts sector is growing, without much government intervention and despite the country’s economic difficulties
The argument against refugees is that they are a financial burden and security threat. Both charges are unfounded
“The Favourite” works because it is a domestic drama, interested in the petty jealousies and squabbles of its chara…
One of our most-read film reviews in 2018 considered the careful revisionism of “Mary Magdalene”
There is a baffling hierarchy to Britain’s system of knighthoods
Meghan Markle's most important role will be to bolster the royal family. One of our most read articles of 2018 from…
A popular Instagram account parodies the casual-wear of finance bros. One of @1843mag's most read articles of 2018
A portrait of Ruth Bader Ginsburg as a young woman
Within nine months of its founding in 1948, the NHS had provided 33m artificial teeth. One of the most popular cult…
Working longer hours may simply lead to wasted effort
Why bringing emus to Texas failed to take flight in the 1990s
At the ancient Nabatean site of Mada'in Saleh hundreds of massive carved tombs, hewn from orange-yellow rock, stand…
Our review of “The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story” was one of our most-read pieces in 2018
It is not enough for the show to be fun, or weird, or visually arresting: everything is a metaphor. One of our most…
The centuries-old rewards of chivalry started in 1348 with the Order of the Garter
Gongs galore: how the British honours system rewards politicians
How do you revive a reef? Our film from March explains
Since 1988, The Economist has chosen the most promising young economists of the decade. Our US economics editor…
Who are the most exciting young economists to look out for? Our US economics editor @SoumayaKeynes speaks to four a…
Residents of Delhi inhale the equivalent of half a pack of cigarettes on an ordinary day, and two packs on a bad one
In 1990 28% of Spain was forested; now the proportion is 37%
Who are the world’s most promising young economists? Our US economics editor @SoumayaKeynes interviews four of them…
How people prove who they are is fundamental to modern life. And it is changing
An American recession won't begin until the back end of the year, as the fractures in the economy widen, writes Leo…
In a year resounding with historical echoes, Mr Xi will do nothing in 2019 to relax his vice-like controls…
“People view a lot of their neighbours and still think of them as foreigners, not truly American,” says…
You will struggle to think of a sequel which takes such pains to imitate its predecessor
New AI offerings from technology firms jeopardise consultancies such as McKinsey and Bain. One of our most popular…
One of our most popular blogs of 2018 considered the problems bedevilling the series
The invention, slow adoption and near perfection of the zip
One of our most popular pieces in 2018 contemplated Jo Farrell's photographs of the last surviving bound women
Electronic monitoring means you no longer have to go to prison to go to prison. One of our most popular articles ov…
As AI spreads beyond the tech sector, it will fuel the rise of new firms that challenge incumbents. One of our most…
This year Roger Deakin’s book “Waterlog”, in which he splashes through England’s landscape, celebrates its 20th ann…
How your recycled waste could be turned into smoother, longer-lasting roads. One of our most popular stories from t…
In one of our most popular articles from the past year we explore how AI is revolutionising the supply chain…
40% of American schools now offer lessons in computer programming. In July, we reported on why Python could be the…
Women, including celebrities like Serena Williams, Keira Knightley and Ali Wong have started to speak out about the…
How can data from the brain be best used? One of our most popular Technology Quarterly articles from the past year
Indian cities claim 14 of the 15 top spots of the World Health Organisation's air pollution rankings
In September we reported that a shampoo bottle was being used to treat pneumonia. The materials needed cost a mere…
Fin-tech startups and "challenger banks" are offering currency exchange services for a much lower fee. One of our m…
She made 300 films, was Heroine Number One in Bollywood for two decades and won six Filmfare awards. From March 2018
And the award for the politician that has done most to let down his party and country goes to... Boris Johnson
The sight of one huddled man in a wheelchair constantly probing gave people some hope, as he always wished it would…
It is more endangered than the mountain gorilla and giant panda, but few have heard of the vaquita. Meet the people…
“Soldiers kill dozens of protesters” has a very different feel from “Dozens of protesters killed by soldiers”
Billy Graham's message endeared him equally to Richard Nixon, Martin Luther King and evangelicals around the world.…
At stake is nothing less than the survival and strength of our democracy, writes Laurene Powell Jobs in The World i…
“It’s a constant struggle for the different communities… but food is always a big draw!” says @RepGraceMeng on the…
We turned to the wisdom of crowds to find out what might happen in 2019
The porcelain clay of Jingdezhen is like a first love; effortless to begin with, then all-too-quickly unforgiving
“A miniature of the United Nations”—residents of Queens, New York City, home to over 190 nationalities, tell…
Bangladesh’s prime minister wins a fourth term, in ruthless fashion
Working while receiving e-mails and phone calls reduces a worker’s IQ by about ten points relative to working unint…
At the diner counter, New Yorkers spill their secrets, as @1843mag discovered
Which of our articles were the most read this year? Our top 10 includes stories on the next recession, a Silicon Va…
Half the world will be online in 2019
Congo has a shambolic, unfair election, two years late
The brain-cancer diagnosis freed John McCain's tongue and tested his mettle, in all the ways he relished. From Augu…
Brazil’s democracy is still young. Even a flirtation with authoritarianism is worrying. One of our most read editor…
In this special edition of our “Tasting menu” podcast, @JonFasman takes a walk through America’s past, present and…
It's time to talk about loneliness. One of @1843mag's most-read articles from 2018
How might 2019 pan out? We turned to the wisdom of crowds to gauge the likelihood of certain events
Spoiler alert: No one killed Brexit. It was never alive
The traffic in Lagos moves so slowly that one roundabout has a wraparound television screen to entertain drivers
In this special edition of our “Tasting menu” podcast, @JonFasman takes a walk through America’s past, present and…
Blind tenants of Manhattan's Selis Manor navigate the building using structural, textural and olfactory guides
We turned to the wisdom of crowds to find out what might happen in 2019
What has Leonardo da Vinci ever done for art, culture and humanities? Supported by @intel
Studies suggest that a 10% increase in internet penetration is correlated with a 1.35% increase in GDP for developi…
The Ibadis number less than 3m and only form a majority in one country, Oman
Our list includes the rise and fall of bitcoin, how the West got China wrong, and the popularity of the programming…
Sheikh Hasina Wajed’s Awami League probably would have won a fairer contest too
Across Kinshasa, the Democratic Republic of Congo’s capital, some 544 voting machines did not work on presidential…
“Nomophobia”—the fear of not having your mobile phone—is one of the least depressing selections made for 2018
V.S. Naipaul kept leaving, travelling, propelled by restlessness. Books resulted, but not calm. From August 2018
One of our most popular Technology Quarterly articles from the past year explains how the identity of bitcoin's inv…
Since its development in the 18th century, freemasonry has drawn the ire of the Catholic church and right-wing poli…
The demonisation of George Soros, a Jewish financier, and the way it has spread is one example of how Jew-hatred ke…
The criteria for landing yourself on TSA's new watch list are murky—as are the consequences. One of our most popula…
Bangladesh’s prime minister wins a fourth term, in ruthless fashion
Tocqueville was not blind to the faults of American democracy. He worried that individualism might shade into egois…
Congo has a shambolic, unfair election, two years late
Thomas Aquinas argued that polyphonic music might suit God, who was used to multi-tasking. Humans, he feared, were…
In September we wrote about Jair Bolsonaro's worrying admiration for dictatorship
Half the world will be online in 2019
A picture of probabilities
Donald Trump and Brexit do not take any of the top positions in our list of most-read stories of 2018. Find out whi…
An influx of refugees and asylum seekers is making Germany more informal, more open and more varied. One of our mos…
Not for nothing is the national motto “Naija no dey carry last” (“Nigerians strive to finish first”)
Sperm counts in the Western world are in rapid decline. Our third most popular film of 2018
Candidates are rarely told why they were not hired, nor are they pointed to more suitable jobs. AI-enabled systems…
In January, one of our most popular stories of the past year reported on Marilyn Hartman—who keeps boarding planes…
A failing economy is a gift to populists and in Brazil the failure has been catastrophic. One of our most popular e…
How Russians and Chinese see each other
The Bajau people have been diving for food for at least 1,000 years, and their bodies have changed to adapt
In “Mary Queen of Scots” historical embellishment distracts from the film’s aim of humanising the two monarchs
2019 will likely see cannabis stocks rise even higher. We look at the business opportunities in North America for r…
In March, one of our most popular Gulliver articles of the year reported how it is not just passengers behaving bad…
Identity is vital for citizens to participate in the economy and society—yet it often depends on the state, in the…
The rise of Native American politicians
Robin Robertson's poetry injects rhythm and momentum into a narrative that is equal parts art and superbly modulate…
The world’s best young economists are reviving traditional tunes on unconventional instruments
Jacques Cousteau, a French conservationist, wanted humans to use the sea as farmers, not hunters. One of our most p…
Many countries are questioning the benefits of globalisation. The nastiest rows occur when immigration enters the e…
Potential hiccups range from the availability of visas to the dress code
Why do BA passengers keep coming back to the airline? They have little choice. One of our most popular articles fro…
Goldman Sachs estimates that using AI could generate additional profits of $25bn over the next ten years. One of ou…
One of our most popular stories from the past year explained how shorter ranges might force supersonic jets to land…
In January, United Airlines, America’s third-largest carrier, drew the line at a peacock. One of our most popular s…
The lake on which Jesus supposedly walked is no longer a vital water source for Israel. But few want to see it run…
The Economist’s ten most popular articles of 2018
In 2016, some 11,100 Nigerian women landed in Sicily, and 80% entered a life of forced prostitution, according to e…
“Mary Poppins Returns” aims to be nothing more than lavish, sweet-natured family entertainment—and it succeeds
2018 will be remembered for the rise of Jair Bolsonaro
The Supreme Court’s term is likely to heat up in 2019
Winston Churchill once called it "a crime without a name". Finding a word for the unspeakable horrors hasn't helped…
Alexander Shestun’s rise and fall reveal the mechanics of power in Russia and its lever—the FSB
Obituary. Amos Oz, a torn Israeli
The explosion of artistic activity is not ignited by state largesse
Ahead of the wedding of the year, @1843mag examined the role of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in modernising the m…
Failing to get work done? One of @1843mag's most popular articles of 2018 gives tips on productivity
Queens shapes, and and is shaped by, a constant flow of people. The borough is no stranger to change
With more bird species than anywhere else in the world, Colombia is ornithological heaven From @1843mag
Ten years after the crisis, we're doing the same things over and over and expecting different results
Amos Oz who died on December 28th, was for half a century Israel’s most celebrated writer, producing fiction, polit…
The justices are about to consider a number of Donald Trump’s most controversial policies
If Narendra Modi wins a second term, his party may be even blunter in imposing its Hindu-nationalist vision of a mo…
His films were fraught with mistrust, misconception, guilt and betrayal. One of 2018's most-read articles from…
An agony aunt is “a purveyor of common sense”. From the archive
Its decline is explained by a broad collapse in pan-Arabism, alongside that of Egyptian power. One of our most popu…
Stephen Hawking's mathematics have shown that the universe, though finite in time, might be infinite in space. From…
In one of our most popular pieces of 2018, we argued that a good episode of “Black Mirror” is an uncomfortable thou…
Degrees have become close to ubiquitous in South Korea over the course of a single generation. One of our most popu…
As the foundations of the liberal world order shake, it may be a relief to contemplate freemasonry and the Nash equ…
The question is, how much will this privilege cost? One of our most popular stories from the past year
Where is the geographic centre of the global economy?
Amos Oz, the celebrated writer of novels and essays died on December 28th, aged 79
The Supreme Court’s term is likely to heat up in 2019
Cocaine purity in Britain is rising. In January we asked: could government legislation be partly to blame?
One of our most popular stories from the past year argued that while compelling uses for blockchain may yet emerge,…
Amos Oz, a torn Israeli
Not since the cold war has it been so crucial for global peace for two defence establishments to talk
Educating seniors makes practical sense: it helps to improve memory and to fight loneliness. We reported on China's…
From vanilla shortages and bitcoin to the happiness of Finns. Here are some of our most popular explainers from the…
Americans make up 5% of the global population but consume 30% of the world’s prescription narcotics
The struggle for India’s soul. What’s at stake as the world’s most populous democracy heads to the polls
Bitcoin's protocol is open-source, so there is nothing to stop others copying the idea. One of our most popular sto…
How we learned to stop worring and love the long-term problems that caued the global financial crisis
Unfortunately for readers toiling five days a week, the prospect of a longer weekend is a distant one. One of our m…
The author of the world's first psychological novel sees how her homeland has changed over a millennium
As a Finnish saying goes “happiness is having your own red summer cottage and a potato field.” In March we explored…
One survey reports that in 2017 more than 46% of Chinese with fortunes between 10m and 200m yuan were thinking of e…
The Supreme Court’s term is likely to heat up in 2019
The first world war gave zips their break. In 1918, the US Navy put them on its aviator jackets
“The Favourite” offers an engrossing, and grotesque, portrait of Queen Anne, the last of the Stuart monarchs
War will increasingly be fought in urban environments. One of our most popular special reports from the past year
Here are our 10 most popular explainers of 2018, from the informative to the whimsical
What’s at stake as the world’s most populous democracy heads to the polls. The World in 2019
When you lose $2trn don't lose the lesson
When Ninalee Allen Craig left college she didn’t know where she belonged. The answer seemed to be to explore the wo…
Why the world remains fixated on the ideas of a man who helped produce so much suffering
Mill wanted people to be exposed to as many opinions as possible, and for no idea to go unchallenged
Russia's future in agriculture looks bright, with millions of hectares of abandoned land that could be reclaimed
Humans aside, no species on Earth has a more complex society than that of elephants
The Economist’s most popular explainers of 2018
Janus, the Roman god, contained both beginnings and endings within him. That duality also characterises AI. One of…
Not a morning dawned when Jamal Khashoggi did not miss his country. From October 2018
The 200th anniversary of Marx's birth fell on May 5th; interest in him is as lively as ever. One of our most popula…
People will pay to take robotaxis in some American cities for the first time in 2019 Supported by @intel
The Morandi Bridge in Genoa collapsed in August, but concerns had previously been raised about the bridge's safety
After Typhoon Mangkhut struck Hong Kong in September we reported on how the government managed the storm
Researchers are only just starting to get a handle on the potential dangers of plastic pollution. Our story from Ma…
Americans brought the world's second largest bird to Texas because they wanted healthier meat
Its main reference point is not myth but movies. The protagonist is a film buff in a noir-ish world of booze and br…
Journalists are often told to report “who-what-when-where-why” in headlines. One of 2018's most popular articles ar…
"A Hero Born" is an action-packed and ideas-laden saga that is as revealing of modern as of ancient China. One of o…
The passive can be clear and the active can be a dodge. One of the most popular Johnson columns from 2018 looked at…
Decriminalisation and treatment helped cut Portugal’s overdose rate to one of the lowest in Europe
The case for a free press rests not only on classical liberal principles but also on hard data. One of our most pop…
Few people today have heard of Mada’in Saleh. Fewer still have visited the wonder 1,000km north-west of Riyadh
Afghanistan and Pakistan are the last two strongholds of the wild polio virus
Once you twig that it is following assiduously in the footsteps of “Mary Poppins”, it starts to feel oppressively p…
A rising cost of living and anti-immigrant sentiment has led tech workers to shun America in favour of Canada
Madrid instead of Maastricht, Amsterdam over Aachen. One of our most popular stories from the past year asks why so…
The precise shape of the next financial crisis is unclear but, in one way or another, it is likely to involve prope…
Locals blame mainlanders for pushing up house prices and taking school places; spreading bad manners such as spitti…
Why is Super Mario universally adored? From the archive
Is it time to automate politicians?
"A users guide to the vagina". From @1843mag's most read of 2018
How John Rawls's philosophy of "justice as fairness" changed and reinvigorated liberalism. From August 2018
Railways are often referred to in Russian as “threads”. They tie the country together. From the archive
Our review of "Why Liberalism Failed" by Patrick Deneen was one of our most popular pieces of the past year
“As unsettling as it is alluring”: in January, we reviewed the Emmy award-winning “The Assassination of Gianni Vers…
A study finds nearly half of jobs are vulnerable to automation
“In [our] culture, the more family you have, the more people respect you.” What's wrong with polygamy? One of our m…
“Mary Queen of Scots” is visually beautiful but emotionally flat. It has showy costumes and set pieces, but not muc…
A searing reminder of how recently American slavery ended, and the depth of the pain it caused
In 1957 Billy Graham packed Madison Square Garden for 16 weeks. In Seoul in 1973 he drew a crowd of more than a mil…
Manchester ranks 13 places higher than London; Boston sits 15 places higher than New York. One of our most popular…
In Ethiopia, child marriage has dropped by a third in the past decade, the world's sharpest decline
Social media give young people scope for self-expression and community-building. But they deprive them of sleep and…
“Bound”, an exhibition that took place in March, reflected on the pressures people face to conform to beauty norms
To see the true state of the world, Mr Pinker says, we should use numbers. In “Enlightenment Now”, he does just tha…
The spread of civilised manners is reversing. One of @1843mag's most read stories of 2018
The story unspools through the late 1940s and into the 1950s picking up echoes of the McCarthyite witch-hunts and t…
Binyamin Netanyahu’s battle for survival
The average adult migrant from the European Economic Area yielded £2,370 more for the Treasury in 2017 than the ave…
Our obituaries editor looks back on the lives she celebrated in The Economist’s pages in 2018 in this week's "The w…
Plastic-eating caterpillars could save the planet
Wordsmiths @LaneGreene, @AntonLaGuardia and @Lynneguist decode the language of 2018 in “The Economist asks” podcast…
These ten iconic figures, who passed away this year, made a significant contribution to humanity
America, which has long defined itself as a standard-bearer of democracy for the world, has been downgraded to a “f…
Why Xi Jinping is worried about 2019
Billions are living in corrupt countries according to Transparency International. One of our most popular charts of…
In 2018 there was less reason than ever for a single location to be the epicentre of technology
The trio would have argued that unless power is dispersed, it is always dangerous. Our series on liberalism from Au…
Rousseau, Marx and Nietzsche help us to define what liberalism is not: pessimistic and all-knowing. From September…
The prime minister is on track for a fifth election victory, but his legal troubles could bring him down
Facebook has had a bad year. Reports of its practices have led to a tectonic shift in public understanding of data…
Stormzy is part of a generation of "artist-entrepreneurs" who no longer rely on record labels for merchandising dea…
Job-grabbing robots are no longer science fiction. One of our most popular stories from the past year
In May, we reported that a study involving mice found that the effects of stress can span three generations
“Black Panther” inspired one of our most popular film reviews in 2018. It “is a good example of what Marvel does we…
2019 will mark 50 years since the Stonewall riots in New York, which kick-started the modern gay-rights movement S…
In May we explored an exhibition that argued that eyes are not the window to the soul—teeth are
They want to turn the small town of Al Ula into Saudi Arabia's capital of culture
Stan Lee, Aretha Franklin and Stephen Hawking feature in our summary of history-makers who died this year
Why Xi Jinping is worried about 2019
Binyamin Netanyahu’s battle for survival
Binyamin Netanyahu’s battle for survival
High culture is flourishing. In October and November the city plays host to a long—and growing—list of arts events
Ghana and Ivory Coast produce about 60% of the world’s cocoa, but see little of the earnings from chocolate sales
The number of children who die from pneumonia at a hospital in Dhaka has fallen by three-quarters. One of our most…
Our obituaries editor looks back on the lives she celebrated in The Economist’s pages in 2018 in this week's "The w…
He wondered aloud whether the world’s problems couldn’t all be solved if people just sat down, without fear, and at…
Armenia is The Economist's country of the year. Tune in to "The week ahead" to hear why and how we chose this year'…
While changes in genes are hard-wired, epigenetic effects might be treatable. One of our most popular articles in 2…
Somalia is perceived as the most corrupt country, while New Zealand is ranked the least corrupt. Find out how your…
In September we reported on the prevalence of loneliness. Can technology help?
Hilton has shortened the average time it takes to hire a candidate from 42 days to five with the help of AI. One of…
In January, one of our most popular stories of the year reported on how to get data out of, and into, the brain
We look back at the ten people whose lives, in some way, made a contribution to the collective story of humanity
Last winter's flu crisis had been exacerbated by low levels of vaccinations and antibiotic resistance. One of our m…
Several important anniversaries loom. The Communist Party is nervous
Meet the Bajau, a group of people who are literally born to dive. One of our most popular articles in 2018
Graduates from northern England, and those from households in poorer areas, are at a disadvantage. One of our most…
If Keynes believed "there is social and psychological justification" for inequality, why did he espouse government-…
In August we wrote about how Silicon Valley has become an unfriendly place for startups
One of our most popular book reviews of 2018 discussed how “Enlightenment Now” demonstrates that steady, cumulative…
The Viennese century has ended. Its legacy is fraying. From the archive
Akbar al Baker's claim that women could not do his job was not his first foray into misogyny. One of our most popul…
One of our most popular Johnson columns this past year asked: will "whom" survive?
Some 9% of adults in Japan, 22% in America and 23% in Britain always or often feel lonely or isolated. One of our m…
Our second most popular video of 2018 explains what makes a passport powerful
The power of bitcoin is limited. One of our most popular articles over the past year
There are many ways to fool security agents at the airport. One of our most popular Gulliver articles over the past…
China is the world’s biggest exporter of pharmaceutical ingredients and accounts for one-third of global sales of c…
China has been building islands on contested rocks in the South China Sea and turning them into military outposts
The army clearly feels that it should be the sole judge of threats to national security
How could humans co-exist with AI? One of our most popular Technology Quarterly stories from the past year reported…
The year in obituaries
The Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 was terrifying, but at least both sides knew the world was on the brink of catastr…
In many European countries, free maternity care is available. In April we asked why it costs a princely sum in Amer…
Few beers incite and enrich conversation as much as IPAs. From the archive
Humanity faces a weighty problem—how much current wellbeing to sacrifice to limit future global warming?
In August, it was good news for lemurs. Bad for millipedes
Among economists, there is near-universal acceptance that immigration generates huge benefits…
Architectural beauty you can touch or sniff will be a boon to the blind and deaf—and to everyone else
One of our most popular stories of the past year reported on how a data breach affected British Airways
Some 90% of women may tear their pelvic-floor muscle during birth, but many are not aware of the risk and what can…
Press freedom is in decline. In July we asked which countries are still leading the way in terms of press freedom…
Airlines worry that people are avoiding paying to transport their pets by claiming they serve a therapeutic role. O…
The potential of poor bright children is often wasted. In March we reported on how IQ tests contribute to that
It is as much a remake as it is a reboot, so if you have seen “Mary Poppins”—and you should—you will know the story
On close inspection, ancient mythology turns out to be chock-full of robots, androids and mechanical creatures
Was 2018 the beginning of the end of Silicon Valley's tech dominance?
When Mangkhut, the strongest highest-category typhoon since the second world war, struck Hong Kong in September the…
Not everybody can marry a prince, but Britain's immigration rules mean that many couples miss the chance to wed alt…
New research has prompted a shift in how schools and universities look for talent. In March we reported on recent t…
Adult colouring books are experiencing a remarkable comeback. From the archive
In one of our most popular culture blogs this year, we argued that “The Walking Dead” needs to move in a new direct…
Meet the 18th-century French spy sent to steal the secrets of Chinese porcelain
One of our most popular Johnson columns of 2018 looked at why foreigners who want to both read and speak Arabic str…
Air-conditioning makes people, literally, healthier, wealthier and wiser. In August we asked how we can avoid the d…
In both America and Britain, Arabic is just the eighth-most-studied language, behind less important but somehow sex…
Alexis de Tocqueville was the first serious thinker to warn that liberalism could destroy itself
One of our most popular culture blogs of the past year looked at efforts to exonerate Mary Magdalene from centuries…
A nun who became a TV star
In June we reported on a study of graduates' earnings. It suggests that factors like racial discrimination and fami…
One of our most popular charts this year shows how the exodus has surged under Nicolás Maduro’s rule, characterised…
Russia will increasingly cast itself as the indispensable power in the Middle East. The World in 2019
A wondrous novel about visions and reality, about the aftermath of conflict and the making of America
It is better to have big classes taught by excellent teachers than smaller groups taught by mediocre ones
“Roma” reflects on Mexico’s past, and its present
Python has soared in popularity since its invention nearly 30 years ago. Today it is the language of choice for AI…
Are America’s airports the worst in the world? In January our correspondents spilled the beans on their worst trave…
Moneyland is @OliverBullough's term for a virtual country populated by the mega-rich and their hangers-on. Our revi…
“A Quiet Place” told us that a shotgun cartridge could solve our problems. One of our most read articles this year…
In June The Economist built a statistical model to identify what makes a country good at football
A religious ascetic who relished the human body
Each week, The Economist publishes letters from readers at the very front of our paper. Here are some of our favour…
Workers in rich countries appear less at risk of losing their jobs to robots than those in middle-income ones. One…
Millennials are more educated than their parents were. One of our most popular stories from the past year reported…
An experiment in 2014 concluded that Facebook triggers the same impulsive part of the brain as gambling and substan…
Why do some countries work longer hours than others?
Sister Wendy Beckett made a difficult combination seem effortless
Brazil gets a new president, Jair Bolsonaro, next week. How do his wide-ranging reforms, and his chance of passing…
V.S. Naipaul had not taken up writing to get rich or win awards; that was a dreadful thought. To write was a vocati…
One of our most read editorials of the year was about the brilliance of Singapore's education system
Blockchains could help streamline supply chains by allowing records to be shared by suppliers, as one of our most p…
In this free-for-all, the danger of new wars will be ever-present in 2019, if not by design then by mistake
In June we built a model that identifies what makes a country good at football—and who the outliers are
“Roma” reflects on Mexico’s past, and its present
A decline in working hours in America and Britain seems to have stalled
Climate-change denial is, in part, the result of lobbying. But psychology also plays a role
In 2019 a 10,000-mile flight from London to Sydney will cost around $350 Supported by @intel
Child marriage in America is most common in conservative religious communities and poor, rural areas. One of our mo…
The arts sector is growing, without much government intervention and despite the country’s economic difficulties
The veil has long been a proxy for politics in Iran. In March we explored what protests against the compulsory hija…
Can algorithms accurately predict where crime will occur? One of our most popular Technology Quarterly articles fro…
The world looks quite different today than it did ten years ago. In one of our most popular special reports from th…
A set of algorithms for whole-brain activity is a very long way off, as we reported in one of our most popular stor…
In America, about 2.7m tonnes of “ugly” produce is thrown out every year
Our mailbag in 2018 included letters from readers in Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco, London, Toronto and more
Sister Wendy Beckett made a difficult combination seem effortless
One of our most popular charts from this year shows the triumph of Python, a programming language, over its rivals
Some teenagers seem to use social media as an alternative to face-to-face communication. One of our most popular st…
Gone are the popes, dukes and princes who funded the likes of Shakespeare and Michelangelo. Websites now allow ordi…
Many LGBT Britons will be glad to be gauged
Why do some countries work longer hours than others?
America will retreat from the mess in the Middle East, creating openings for Russia and others
A collection of some of the best letters we received from readers in 2018, chosen by The Economist’s editors
A film captures the plight of the muchacha
Why do some countries work longer hours than others?
One of our most popular book reviews from 2018 revealed how the richest 10% in high-inequality countries are more s…
In one of this year's most popular articles we asked: why does the world remain fixated on the ideas of a man who h…
Strong welfare states are crucial for capitalism
Our most popular video of 2018 reports that parents in China are finding it increasingly difficult to marry off sons
According to one research firm, the potential corporate market for AI software, hardware and services could reach $…
"The tragedy of the commons" argues that a resource freely available to all will be used inefficiently. Is this hap…
The Mandarin phrase for "gender equality" (男女平等) puts the male character before the female one. One of our most pop…
Caught up with Avicii and his music, crowds would shudder, pulse, sway, dance, then go “completely apeshit”. From A…
Singapore has an excellent education system. It's time to copy their homework
“Roma” reflects on Mexico’s past, and its present
McKinsey estimates that firms may be able to derive between $1.3trn and $2trn of economic value from using AI in su…
“The Favourite” works because it is a domestic drama, interested in the petty jealousies and squabbles of its chara…
DARPA, an arm of the Pentagon, has given out $65m of grants to create high-resolution brain-computer interfaces. On…
The best letters from our readers in 2018
Sex is contentious because it burns at the flashpoint between power, identity and existence
A culture blog that reflected on whether original science-fiction is being pushed out of cinemas by mainstream mega…
Recycled-plastic roads could wirelessly recharge electric cars or contain sensors for traffic monitoring. Our artic…
Many companies are looking to India for a repeat of China’s middle-class expansion. One of our most popular briefin…
The increase in open-access journals over the past decade risks corruption of the knowledge disseminated. One of ou…
At the ancient Nabatean site of Mada'in Saleh hundreds of massive carved tombs, hewn from orange-yellow rock, stand…
Why has Facebook been able to dominate online identity? Because the internet was built without identity management
Netflix content consumes 20% of the world’s downstream bandwidth. Our popular briefing from July looked at the econ…
Why Singapore’s education system is considered the best in the world
Verbs are more likely to arouse emotions than nouns are. One of our most popular articles in 2018
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
Sridevi had been playing to camera, loving it even more than it loved her, since she was a child. From March 2018
The best way to read “Why Liberalism Failed” is not as a funeral oration, but as a call to action
Why Arabic, the fifth-most-spoken language in the world, punches below its weight in the secular world
Stroll through the streets of Queens and you might hear Shanghainese, Cebuano, Cretan, Mazateco, Madurese and more
You will struggle to think of a sequel which takes such pains to imitate its predecessor
As it is passed on, the weakened polio virus used in oral vaccines can mutate
What does it feel like to be lonely? @1843mag found out in one of our most read-articles from this year
Cuba’s bee population is growing by an average of 7,000 hives a year
Here are four signs that a democracy is under attack
Our briefing on the backlash against Amazon, Facebook and Google was one of our most popular of the past year
Not for nothing is the national motto “Naija no dey carry last” (“Nigerians strive to finish first”)
After at least 80% of meetings, any decisions taken will be in line with the HIPPO or “highest-paid person’s opinio…
Here are ten of our most mind-expanding pieces remaking the case for liberalism in the 21st century
What is the difference between a “woke bro” and an “iron snowflake”? Find out by listening to our language special…
In “Mary Queen of Scots” historical embellishment distracts from the film’s aim of humanising the two monarchs
A lot of India’s middle class has little money to spend. One of our most popular briefings of 2018 asked why
The old boys' club that dominates the upper echelons of finance pretends that it is women, not men, who create risk…
Looming over him were the shadows of his grandfather and father. When he felt proud of himself, it was also on thei…
What do the words "gammon", "cakism" and "backstop" have in common? @LaneGreene, @AntonLaGuardia and @Lynneguist ex…
Robin Robertson's poetry injects rhythm and momentum into a narrative that is equal parts art and superbly modulate…
Among economists, there is near-universal acceptance that immigration generates huge benefits…
About 29,000 people in America died from overdosing on opioids such as fentanyl in 2017, up from about 5,000 in 2014
“Midwestern nice” is a descriptor heard around America, but there are varying levels of geniality within the Midwes…
An interview with Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, essays on transgender identities, and the literature of liberal…
Even without high-tech surveillance, Xinjiang’s police state is formidable. With it, it becomes terrifying, as we r…
Want to clock off at lunchtime? @1843mag tells you how, in one of our most read articles of 2018
In 1943 Norwegian commandos staged a daring raid on a German manufacturing plant. This year five veterans retraced…
Pakistani education has long been atrocious. Ambitious reforms are trying to change that, as we explained last Janu…
Silicon Valley is becoming a lousy place for startups. One of our most popular briefings of 2018 examined why
Anecdotes abound suggesting that the Midwest is indeed America’s most congenial region. But the hard data are more…
Apps such as Tinder and Tantan have made the path to love easier for millions of people. Our briefing on internet d…
The rise of a large new generation matters in Russia. We explained why, in one of our most popular briefings of 201…
In a vegan world, greenhouse emissions from agriculture in 2050 would be 70% lower than if people ate as they do to…
Loneliness is a serious public-health problem
How the West was wrong about China. One of our most popular briefings of 2018
“Mary Poppins Returns” aims to be nothing more than lavish, sweet-natured family entertainment—and it succeeds
New developments will make it simpler to seriously damage the marine environment, but could also help to save it. O…
Polyphony, music of interweaving tunes and harmonies, is part of humankind's common heritage
British online-grocery company, Ocado, is using air-traffic-control systems and AI technology to co-ordinate 700 fa…
In 2018 we launched #OpenFuture, an initiative that aimed to start a conversation about liberalism in the run-up to…
Potential hiccups range from the availability of visas to the dress code
Is there any truth to the idea of “Midwestern nice”?
Pakistan is the largest laboratory for education reform in the developing world, as one of our most popular briefin…
Internet dating has many benefits, but not everyone in the virtual bar is treated as equal, as we wrote in one of o…
One of our most popular briefings of 2018 reported that the more vegan food people are eating, the better
Worldwide the suicide rate is down by 29% since 2000. In America it's up by 18%
Cryptocurrencies look like a solution in search of a problem. Blockchains could be more interesting, as our Technol…
Freemasonry grew out of medieval stonemasons’ guilds, which set wages, trained apprentices and regulated who could…
Lini cried when her patient died of the Nipah virus. She would follow him not one month later. From June 2018
“The president is also talking to [criminal bosses]. How can he not? Of course he does. Such is life, you see”
Many indigenous peoples have a better chance of survival now than they did a generation ago
Ten pieces that look at the future of liberalism
The KGB may have all the cold war fame but the GRU’s role was anything but negligible. One of our most popular stor…
Could IVF could save the northern white rhino from extinction? We look back at some of our favourite stories of the…
When corporations open their wallets to politicians, the public loses
Hong Kong's response to storms contains lessons for other governments. One of our most popular stories from the pas…
Finance provides over a third of the Isle of Man's GDP, but new rules put that at risk
There have been four global recessions since 1980, and the next could come at any moment
Some attribute the rise in working hours in America and Britain by citing the enjoyable nature of high-skilled work…
The author of the Tale of Genji visits present-day Japan, and learns about dating apps
What is the Miura fold and how is it helping to solve engineering problems?
Our 2018 picks for the world’s best young economists want to change the world, rather than just delight in its perv…
Many owners of emus in America simply abandoned them in 1998. As a result, there are mobs of feral emus in parts of…
How do you revive a reef? One of our most popular videos of 2018
The Bajau, a people of the Malay Archipelago, spend almost all of their lives at sea. Their amphibious life has led…
What is the significance of the discovery of liquid water on Mars? We look back at some of our favourite stories of…
Can the world stop genocide?
Humans aside, no species on Earth has a more complex society than that of elephants
Is there any truth to the idea of “Midwestern nice”?
It is often more profitable for airlines to operate a greater number of daily departures with smaller jets. One of…
The developed world needs to relearn how to recycle
Many male victims of domestic abuse do not see themselves as such, believing it to be a women's issue
The Economist has analysed its database of 100,000 forecasts by banks and consultancies to answer one question: How…
Ten pieces that look at the future of liberalism
Employees don't need to work long hours for a business to be highly profitable
No city in the United States ranks among the world's ten most expensive cities
Japan has given the world the term "karoshi", or death by overwork
The great thaw of the Arctic is happening far faster than once expected
For all his swagger on the world stage, Mr Xi acts at home as if the party is still in danger…
The banning of toxic pesticides has had a clear impact on suicide rates in countries such as South Korea and Sri La…
In America, voting is in danger of becoming a privilege extended only to the already privileged, writes…
How do you bring a feudal institution into the 21st century? One of our most popular articles this year from…
We look back at some of our favourite science and technology stories from 2018 on this week's episode of "Babbage"…
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
One of our most popular pieces of the past year reflected on the eagerly anticipated “Black Panther”
Try our devilishly difficult quiz of the year, based on The Economist’s regular weekly columns
Europe's high and mighty were once consumed with cravings for Chinese porcelain. They went to great lengths to get…
Forget Chinese or Hindi. If you want to learn a language which is truly global, learn French
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
In 2019 clothing with built-in, battery-powered packs will go on sale Supported by @intel
Watch out for a #MeToo backlash and the “pink-washing” of gender data. The World in 2019
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own personal investment firms, which could make wealth inequality…
In March, we reviewed “Mary Magdalene”, “a piece of art that opens up part of the basic Christian story”
Its main reference point is not myth but movies. The protagonist is a film buff in a noir-ish world of booze and br…
Our charts of the year. Find out what we have selected as our twelve favourite charts from 2018
In May, news of the TSA's newest airport-security watch list emerged. One of our most popular articles of the year…
There were at least two periods when Homo sapiens and Homo neanderthalensis interbred, resulting in lasting benefit…
“While atheists may call themselves freethinkers, for many today atheism is a closed system of thought”
The more the Earth warms, the more people will need air-conditioners. But the more there are, the warmer the world…
Is it time to automate politicians?
In May, researchers proved that relying on nouns rather than verbs is a good way of using language to reduce tension
The greatest threats to the global economy today are political
Women who speak in public are expected to give a no-room-for-error performance never expected of men
We look back at some of our favourite science and technology stories from 2018 on this week's episode of "Babbage"
Polygamy is still common in Africa, the Islamic world and parts of Asia. It makes civil war more likely. One of our…
Few people today have heard of Mada’in Saleh. Fewer still have visited the wonder 1,000km north-west of Riyadh
Maye Musk has worked hard all her life and she has no desire to slow down. From @1843mag's February 2018 edition
Personality tests are the ultimate pop-psychology product, lacking any verifiable basis in science
Rousseau, Marx and Nietzsche each have a vast and distinct universe of ideas. But all dismiss the liberal view of p…
The pursuit of marginal gains on and off the track has made Great Britain’s track cyclists one of the most successf…
Once you twig that it is following assiduously in the footsteps of “Mary Poppins”, it starts to feel oppressively p…
Jamal Khashoggi could not abide the growing cult of personality around the crown prince. He was murdered for it. Fr…
Our charts of the year. Find out what we have selected as our twelve favourite charts from 2018
Residential solar power is popular and increasingly cheap, but still makes up a marginal share of electricity in Am…
One gleaning programme in Oregon takes in only members whose household income is at or below 200% of the federal po…
Democracy continues its disturbing retreat
Raising cattle produces 12 times more emissions per tonne of protein than soya. Our veganism briefing was one of ou…
Venezuela is now the world’s most indebted country. Its foreign obligations equal five times its exports
Liberals need to spend less time dismissing their critics as fools and bigots and more fixing what is wrong
Facebook and Google are chipping away at what was once a state monopoly
As the old Germans give way to a new sort, questions abound over the nation's future. One of our most popular speci…
On paper, the inventor of bitcoin would be one of the richest people on the planet. One of our most popular Technol…
Only a hermit could have missed that 2018 was—on the surface—the year of the woman
If proponents and opponents of identity politics both claim to be "liberal", does the word mean much at all?
We reported on a new chance for some shut-eye on the red-eye in April. One of our most popular Gulliver articles ov…
China's government aims to have one university for the elderly in every county by 2020. One of our most popular sto…
Small amounts of methane detected could be biological, but there are other explanations
Americans are admirably optimistic about shaping their own future. Is this naive?
Great Britain’s track cyclists are one of the most successful teams in global sport Sponsored by DXC Technology
The government's desperate situation has led it to flout the unwritten rules of British politics
The explosion of artistic activity is not ignited by state largesse
Hours worked in Britain and America haven risen since the 2000s, but declined in France and Germany
Our charts of the year. Find out what we have selected as our twelve favourite charts from 2018
Founded in 1869 by a group that included many newly freed slaves, Lincoln Temple became a hub of the civil-rights m…
When Prince Louis was born earlier this year we compared how much it costs to deliver a royal baby in London to an…
Many rich Chinese emigrate to escape insecurity and obtain a Western education for their children. One of our most…
Watch out for a #MeToo backlash and the “pink-washing” of gender data. The World in 2019
Being born without a cerebellum is complicated. Prosthesis is still possible, it just has to be provided by people
“A film is first and foremost a dream,” Melville once said. @1843mag examined the filmmaker's work back in January…
Our charts of the year
In September we reported that heart attacks, drug abuse, mental illnesses and even the earlier onset of alzheimer's…
Fewer bees will mean fewer plants and therefore less to eat and less oxygen to breathe
.@1843mag spent 24 hours in a New York diner
To wander the streets of Queens in New York is to walk through what makes America great
Political philosophies cannot live by their past glories: they must also promise a better future. Liberalism is no…
In 2017 polio cases caused by vaccine-derived viruses overtook, for the first time, those caused by the wild version
Data alone are not valuable. You are
In one of our most popular blogs this year, we argued that “Black Mirror” could turn into a complicated game of spo…
Some 90% of women may tear their pelvic-floor muscle during birth, but many are not aware of the risk and what can…
It costs about the same to deliver an average baby in America and a royal baby in a luxurious London ward. One of o…
To some, his way of life sounded like modern mindfulness. He preferred to put it in the context of Christian contem…
One of our most popular charts from this year shows that the muzzling of journalists and independent news media is…
Birds used cigarette butts to line only those nests that were infested with ticks
The cost of living and operating a firm in San Francisco will drive people away from Silicon Valley. The “techsodus…
After the Morandi Bridge in Genoa collapsed in August, we analysed how extreme weather and higher traffic flows can…
In September, we reported that a shampoo bottle has cut a Dhaka hospital's spending on pneumonia treatment by nearl…
About 466m people worldwide have significant hearing problems and 36m are blind. Some architects are trying to help
After a preposition, “whom” still feels necessary. But in other cases it feels unacceptably stilted. One of our mos…
Modern physics is a weird beast, and it was Stephen Hawking's day job to make it weirder. From March 2018
Though Egyptian cultural exports have not disappeared, they have certainly slumped. In January we explained why
Up to 40% of the world’s zip market, by value, is controlled by YKK, a Japanese company
Where is the line between caricature and commentary? @ZannyMB, Edward Carr and @AnneMcElvoy discuss the art of The…
“If you want to solve the obesity problem, you have to solve the inequality problem first”
One of @1843mag's most popular articles this year looked at the rise of the dressed-down corporate bro
The Economist was created in 1843 to campaign for liberalism. In 2018 that mission was as important as ever
The world was Ninalee Allen Craig's to conquer. Our obituary from May 2018
Over more than half a century, around 215m people in 185 countries heard Billy Graham speak live. From March 2018
As people grow richer, they consume—and discard—more
One study, in 2018, followed a woman who used cold-water swimming to treat the symptoms of depression
The potential of poor bright children is often wasted: the search needs to be widened. One of our most popular stor…
All three men were troubled by the Anglo-Saxon countries' complacency that totalitarianism could never happen to th…
A myth-busting guide to the vagina, from one of @1843mag's most read articles of 2018
Teenagers are getting drunk less often and they start drinking later than previous generations. Our most popular st…
A politician whom the FSB turned against used secret recordings to reveal the threats made against him
The Bajau people have been diving for food for at least 1,000 years, and their bodies have changed to adapt. We rep…
NASA plans to do for the Moon in the 2020s what it did for low Earth orbit in the 2010
The story of Jewish-written Christmas songs is full of enjoyable irony
Right and left, democracies and autocracies are harking back to past glories. This nostalgia can be dangerous
The Economist’s editors' choice of covers that define 2018
High culture is flourishing. In October and November the city plays host to a long—and growing—list of arts events
Red-fronted lemurs treat threadworm infestations in the gut and around the anus with millipede juice, a study found…
A radical idea for reducing inequality deserves more attention
What lessons can we learn from revisiting the work of the father of liberalism? Our series on great liberal thinker…
Malaysia and Ethiopia were strong contenders for the top spot
The problem with “Maniac”, we wrote in one of the most popular blogs of 2018, is not the carapace, but the content
Australia's economy has been growing for 27 years without a recession—a record for a developed country
Imagine receiving a 'celebratory' gift of $2,682 for having a baby. One of our most popular videos of 2018
The margin between coming first and second in track cycling can be thousandths of a second Sponsored by DXC Techno…
It is estimated that more than 400,000 articles have been published in questionable journals. We reported on false…
Those who champion open-plan offices seem to have forgotten the importance of being able to concentrate on your work
Plastic-eating caterpillars could save the planet
Take a break from watching Netflix. Read about the rapid rise of the entertainment juggernaut instead, in one of ou…
In the West, many people fret that the gig economy makes work insecure. In sub-Saharan Africa, it may do the opposi…
To Avicii, all music was there for the mixing. Cool inspiration came almost organically. From April 2018
Having children lowers women’s lifetime earnings, an outcome known as the “child penalty”
There is no better place to observe the collapse of manners than on mass transport. One of our most read articles f…
Dear Santa, exposing your workers to extreme cold and melting ice is an elf-and-safety nightmare
If you have ever been confused about exactly what Napoleon was doing in Russia in 1812, you are in good company. He…
The chart behind the 25th door of our Daily chart advent calendar looks at the words we used the most in 2018
If we do not protest when a million people are detained without trial, when will we speak out?
How origami is helping to solve scientific problems
It is as much a remake as it is a reboot, so if you have seen “Mary Poppins”—and you should—you will know the story
Where is the geographic centre of the global economy?
Technology will make it easier to protect the oceans, as we reported in one of our most popular Technology Quarterl…
The identity of the Ibadis fractionally predates the Sunni-Shia split in the seventh century
Tesla is aiming to move to zero usage of cobalt, responding to concerns over how the mineral is sourced
On the origin of Christmas ditties
By the end of 2018 three spacecraft should be making their way to the Moon for landings early in 2019
Around the time of the Renaissance, patronage was a necessity—sustained creativity was not possible without it
In 2018 big news was often bad news. But love conquered all in one case
Animals have appeared in court in the past as the accused. What has changed is that today they have become plaintiff
Streaming Christmas music is more prevalent where it is dark and wet
Strong welfare states are crucial for capitalism
One of our most read editorials of the year was about the failure of the West to understand and tame China
The San Francisco Bay Area has the highest cost of living in America. A median-priced home is $940,000, as we wrote…
A delightful documentary considers the link between American Jews and songs for the winter holidays
China, Donald Trump and Brexit gave our designers many opportunities to flex their creative muscles. But big events…
One firm predicts 80% of people will be using robotaxies in cities, where available, by 2035. One of our most popul…
It would be a mistake for Joe Biden to run for president
On the origin of Christmas ditties
Wonks armed with data ought to be able to more effectively meet the needs of LGBT people
In some parts of the world people are losing their sex drive
The most obvious approach is to read the book as a straightforward critique of the inequities of Victorian capitali…
“Mary Queen of Scots” is visually beautiful but emotionally flat. It has showy costumes and set pieces, but not muc…
The maladies of the British body politic are caused partly by the failure of the country's model of leadership
Toronto added more tech jobs in 2017 than San Francisco Bay area, Seattle and Washington, DC, combined
Heathrow’s bureaux de change should enjoy their 12% wedge while they can. One of our most popular stories from the…
In February, one of our most popular Gulliver stories from the past year reported on United Airlines denying a peac…
Donald Trump made several appearances on The Economist's covers. He was featured seven times this year, the same nu…
The world gets ready to return to the Moon
The story unspools through the late 1940s and into the 1950s picking up echoes of the McCarthyite witch-hunts and t…
He went into people’s homes as a guest, asking “What do you like to cook? What makes you happy?” From June 2018
AI-enabled systems may inject more humanity into hiring. One of our most popular articles from the past year
When Britain voted to leave the EU in 2016, many economists believed a recession was imminent. In January we explai…
Most states make it difficult for a city to force its neighbours to join it—29 states require a referendum before a…
"We are afraid that checking it twice is simply not an adequate safeguard", consultants tell Santa Claus
Both powerful and relatively cheap, AI will spread faster than computers did and touch every industry. One of our m…
When essential goods are in short supply, Cubans find inventive uses for government-subsidised condoms
China’s repression of Muslim Uighurs goes far beyond any justifiable security measures, as we wrote in our briefing…
Christmas in preindustrial Europe and America looked very different from today’s iteration
In 2018 The Economist published 51 issues with 63 covers. Which ones defined the year?
Is a consumer pivot in India the next unstoppable force in global economics? One of our most popular briefings of 2…
The average adult migrant from the European Economic Area yielded £2,370 more for the Treasury in 2017 than the ave…
Texas' state government gave out loans to encourage emu ranching between 1992 and 1995. By 1998, the birds were wor…
What's hidden behind the final door of our Daily chart advent calendar?
Ten Economist covers that defined 2018. And our 175th anniversary edition
In 2018 it became clear that the West had lost its bet on China
“Annihilation” takes a 1980s soldiers-vs-aliens premise and presents it as if it were a profound philosophical trea…
One of this year's most popular book reviews looked at how dark money—billions of dollars a year—corrodes both its…
Global demand for uranium is expected to rise by 44% by 2035
More and more young people go on to study at university. Our article from February asks if the benefits outweigh th…
Things are not falling apart, we wrote in one of our most popular book reviews of 2018. And barring a cataclysmic a…
Brain-computer interfaces have already caught on. One of our most popular stories from the past year reported on co…
It will be a turbulent year for the EU. The World in 2019
The Nigerian army has long viewed aid workers in the north-east with suspicion
Why does a newspaper sometimes decide not to put news on the cover? @Zannymb, Edward Carr and @AnneMcElvoy reveal t…
They want to turn the small town of Al Ula into Saudi Arabia's capital of culture
“Being asked to choose your favourite cover is a bit like being asked to choose your favourite child,” says The Eco…
Loneliness is a serious public-health problem
The arts sector is growing, without much government intervention and despite the country’s economic difficulties
In April @1843mag asked why Hollywood still hasn't addressed its addiction to guns
China embraces some Western rules, but also seems to be drafting a parallel system of its own
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
How does a picture sell a thousand words? @Zannymb, Edward Carr and @AnneMcElvoy discuss the fine art of the cover…
Narendra Modi has done little to change India's bewildering array of labour laws and scarcity of commercial land, w…
The challenge of a rising China is made harder by a crisis of confidence in the West. One of our most popular brief…
The story of the fastener that holds the world together, unzipped
The unlikeliest education revolution is taking place in Pakistan. This briefing was one of our most popular of 2018
Lini Puthussery contracted the Nipah virus after looking after an infected patient. It is fatal in 70% of cases. Fr…
In January we reported that Spain's score in the democracy index dropped over the government's handling of Cataloni…
“The Favourite” works because it is a domestic drama, interested in the petty jealousies and squabbles of its chara…
Rome's decline was caused less by gaping wounds than gaping inequality, and by leaders unable or willing to remedy…
The contest between an old establishment and new challengers will define European politics in 2019
In August we reported that the total number of displaced Venezuelans may already have reached 4m, out of a populati…
The airport in South Sudan's capital was rated the world's worst in 2017. In January we asked our correspondents to…
How do you draw Brexit? What would it look like if there was no moon? A list of some of our favourite illustrations…
The study deems 210m jobs across 32 countries to be at risk of automation. In April we asked what the chances are o…
A rising elite is dissatisfied with the aggression, degradation and lies that underpin Vladimir Putin’s rule. One o…
When the distribution of income spreads apart, a society begins to malfunction. One of our most popular book review…
Can wood replace concrete and steel as the go-to building material?
The evidence of epigenetic changes can be found in sperm. This article from May describes the study that led to thi…
One-third of Americans get some of their drinking water from the streams being deregulated
The Economist’s editors pick the ten covers that define 2018
The Economist’s word of the year
At the ancient Nabatean site of Mada'in Saleh hundreds of massive carved tombs, hewn from orange-yellow rock, stand…
Family offices act as financial butlers, advising billionaires on anything from an investment conundrum to a child…
Which is the world's worst airport? Juba? Lubumbashi? Caracas? Berlin? Our correspondents weighed in for one of our…
One of our most popular charts from this year shows that small and mid-sized cities are more liveable than their la…
Protesters across the world do not necessarily expect to put back the clock—they may just be seeking to slow it down
How do plastic roads work? We reported on them in one of our most popular articles of 2018
Python has overtaken almost all of its rivals and brought coding to the fingertips of people who were once baffled…
Young Saudis still speak enthusiastically about Muhammad bin Salman, but investors are worried
The infographic behind the 24th door of our Daily chart advent calendar is a heat map
About 20 cases have already gone to trial. But the president is not eager to prosecute thousands of other cases
Which news event drew the biggest audience in 2018?
What do Xi Jinping, a second Brexit referendum and the NRA have in common? They're all immortalised in our editors’…
"Some young people give up on romance entirely. They find it too much bother, and stay at home staring at their scr…
A bacterium called Lactobacillus reuteri, available from health-food shops, reduces symptoms of autism in mice
Some 54% of Turkish women think it acceptable for a man to use violence if he suspects his wife is cheating on him,…
The rich world is ill-prepared to deal with even a mild recession. One of our most popular articles of 2018
Illustrations found in the print and digital editions of The Economist in 2018 portrayed Brexit, bullying, our book…
Theresa May's weakness has allowed cabinet ministers to ignore informal codes of conduct
It will be a turbulent year for the EU
Should the world believe the blockchain hype? One of our most popular articles from the past year grappled with the…
Christmas music as we know it was born in 1963, when Phil Spector corralled his stable of singers into the studio
Masked gunmen seized control of the capital of Anjouan, part the Comoros, in October. It is not known who was behin…
Why India is one of the most polluted countries on Earth
Courts in several countries are struggling to decide. Are all animals property? Or could some be granted the status…
To most people, the choral music of the 16th and 17th centuries is a calming oasis. But its history is a troubled a…
Ethan Deviney's family act like his exoskeleton
We have analysed every issue of The Economist in our archives to see how our coverage has changed over the decades
Home solar panels generate less than 1% of America's total electricity
No city in the United States ranks among the world's ten most expensive cities
The government reckons there to be 200,000-500,000 transgender people in Britain. The next census could reveal this…
The patriarchy, pirates and beastly Brexit scenarios feature in our pick of editorial cartoons from 2018…
The purpose of America's new airport-security watch list remains murky. In May, we explained why the list was worry…
Angela Merkel has identified a national “Unbehagen”—a sense of anxiety or unease. One our most popular special repo…
Many cryptocurrencies go nowhere. In September, we reported on altcoins in one of our most popular stories over the…
If people feed biased data into crime-predicting algorithms, they will produce results infected with bias, as we re…
Since Obamacare went into effect, the share of Americans without health insurance has dropped from 16.8% to 10.2%
Mince pieces and carrots are not a sound revenue stream for a multinational organisation, say Bognor Consulting Gro…
“Happy New Year, Colin Burstead” has an air of ritual festive bloodletting usually reserved for an “EastEnders” Chr…
"Gorbachev's grandchildren" want to complete Russia’s aborted transition to a “normal” country, as we wrote in one…
Toronto is Canada’s human-trafficking hub. Now one of its victims has joined forces with the country’s biggest fina…
China is determined to bring the trade war to an end
A wondrous novel about visions and reality, about the aftermath of conflict and the making of America
Our editors have chosen eight young economists who we think represent the future of the discipline
The Economist's graphics team selects some of their favourite illustrations of the past year
Sridevi could twitch her nose with disdain or slap a line of men across the face and, all the while, keep dancing.…
The story behind the 24th door of our Daily chart advent looks at the perils of social media
Working fewer hours has been shown to improve employees’ health, happiness and productivity. One of our most popula…
Gleaning has again become an adjunct to more organised social welfare
Businesses may shift from the Isle of Man to avoid new transparency rules. One official worries about competition f…
Tourists are flocking to the same destinations. In October we asked why no one goes off the beaten track anymore
Here are the ten @kaltoons cartoons picked by our editors to sum up the past year
How Christmas evolved from raucous carnival to domestic holiday
Only an economist would ask whether Christmas is efficient
The West was confident that a prosperous China would see liberal democracies as a model. That was a mistake, as we…
Afghanistan and Pakistan are the last two strongholds of the wild polio virus
In 1990 28% of Spain was forested; now the proportion is 37%
How the roundabout became a symbol of resistance in France
In January, we reported that conventional sub-sonic jetliners these days fly slower than their equivalents from the…
In four countries women cannot register a business. In 18 a husband can stop his wife working
Silicon Valley, we have a problem. Our warning against the techlash was one of our most popular briefings of the pa…
The government has built hundreds or thousands of unacknowledged re-education camps for Uighurs, a Muslim minority.…
Many public Christmas trees lay claim to be the tallest, the wackiest or the most beautiful. From the archive…
Do you know your business jets from your Benjamin Britten? Stretch your wits with our Christmas quiz
Young people in rich countries are increasingly likely to shun drugs, cigarettes, alcohol and crime. One of our mos…
Air-conditioning can boost productivity. But its effect on the global climate is detrimental. One of our most popul…
According to the index, less than 5% of the world’s population lives in a “full democracy”, we reported at the begi…
About 29,000 people in America died from overdosing on opioids such as fentanyl in 2017, up from about 5,000 in 2014
Suicides are declining around the world
Macroeconomic theorists disagree on almost everything. That is one of the reasons it is such a hard subject to teach
If Keynesianism can work well without liberalism, can liberalism prosper without Keynesianism? From August 2018
People spent 1.1m hours reading about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry when they tied the knot
The beer that conquered tastebuds around the world. From the archive
The old boys' club that dominates the upper echelons of finance pretends that it is women, not men, who create risk…
At least 6bn people around the world live in corrupt countries. One of our most popular charts from this year
Would granting animals habeas corpus undermine something fundamental to being human?
The Economist's coverage of historic figures in one chart
Père d'Entrecolles, a Jesuit priest from Lyon, sailed to China in 1700. His mission was to steal the secrets of por…
China is building nearly ten airports a year, more than any other country
In June, Akbar al Baker, the boss of Qatar Airways, a Gulf carrier, said his airline “has to be led by a man”. One…
One of our most popular stories from the past year looked at plastic pollution. The biggest problem with it: we don…
One of our most popular articles of 2018 looked at how the case, as it were, is getting stronger against "whom"
One of our most read editorials of 2018 was an ominous warning about the global economy
Another tsunami devastates Indonesia
When “Happy New Year, Colin Burstead” is broadcast over the festive period many viewers will surely empathise with…
One of our most popular reviews of the past year looked at disenfranchisement and violence in “The Assassination of…
Mujtaba Rahman of the Eurasia Group puts the odds of a second referendum at 40%
In August we reported that six of the top ten most liveable cities in the world are in Australia and Canada
Many countries in west Africa and the Balkans are overachievers when it comes to football, as are Brazil, Spain and…
Mr Khashoggi was told to keep quiet and be grateful for the crown prince's reforms. He could not make that Faustian…
The market for Christmas trees: real vs artificial. From the archive
Python has been used by the CIA for hacking, Google for crawling webpages, and Spotify for recommending songs. One…
Meghan Markle may have married a prince but that doesn't mean she will escape Britain's visa obstacle course. One o…
How one Transylvanian city became the jewel of Romania
Much of Europe's corporate lethargy is due to archaic labour rules and anaemic markets. But blaming Brussels is eas…
Working while receiving e-mails and phone calls reduces a worker’s IQ by about ten points relative to working unint…
Angola’s go-to app for delivering live goats to your door
One of our most popular charts from this year shows that not all of the differences in graduates’ earnings can be a…
How Vienna shaped the West. From the archive
Tourists increasingly flock to the same places. One of our most popular stories from the past year blames the rise…
Young people say that social media deprive them of sleep and create body-image worries. One of our most popular sto…
There could be more plastic than fish in the world’s waters by 2050. But other pollutants are probably worse. One o…
Here is what's behind door 23 of our Daily chart advent calendar
The year in editorial cartoons from The Economist
Our analysis shows a trend towards reporting on personalities and that our interests are getting broader
Another tsunami devastates Indonesia
Digital dating offers millions of people a more efficient way to find a good mate. One of our most popular articles…
Advice columns often did more than reflect social change: they advocated it. From the archive
1bn air-conditioners will be installed globally in the next ten years. In August we asked what that means for the w…
"Truth" and "principles" were John McCain's watchwords, though political life made them tricky. From August 2018
Origami is inspiring new ways to fold satellites, steel and even nappies
Another tsunami devastates Indonesia
Each year, Europe's big cities release the young, mobile and educated as they return to the towns where they grew up
Firms like YouTube and Facebook are at risk of becoming “ministries of truth”–arbiters of what billions of people d…
A loneliness epidemic is sweeping the modern world. From @1843mag’s February/March issue
One of our most popular articles from the past year explores the advantages and disadvantages of using blockchains…
Big personalities get attention. Articles about Elon Musk, Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin drew lots of eyeballs in…
The solar industry has struggled to produce profits reliably at scale
Not for nothing is the national motto “Naija no dey carry last” (“Nigerians strive to finish first”)
Amazon is hiring 20,000 fewer workers in America this winter compared with last year, due to greater use of robots…
Animals have appeared in court in the past as the accused. What has changed is that today they have become plaintiff
“The other night I found myself in the grip of an irrational impulse: I wanted to stroke a machine. The robot in fr…
In “Mary Queen of Scots” historical embellishment distracts from the film’s aim of humanising the two monarchs
Britain's political class is introverted and self-regarding, sending its members straight from university to jobs i…
Despite more opportunities within China, growing numbers of those who can afford it seem to want to leave. One of o…
AI-powered predictions promise to make businesses much more efficient. One of our most popular stories from the pas…
Narendra Modi was the object of high hopes, but on the bigger stage, the form he showed as a state minister has des…
The veterans' journey across the vast, treeless Vidda honours the commandos' memories, as well as bringing back tho…
Killing the Canadian chicken to scare the American monkey
The world is woefully unprepared for the next recession. One of our most popular special reports from the past year
Optimists argue that the idea of methane seeping from the crater of Mars cannot be discounted
The English language is rife with gender stereotypes. But the words we use to describe men and women are becoming m…
In January, one of our most popular stories from the past year explained why superjumbo planes may be going extinct
The lessons of the past two presidential elections is that voters want the most novel candidate available to them
The GRU is linked to the shooting down of a Malaysian Airlines flight, the Salisbury poisoning and the seizing of C…
What makes you you?
Robin Robertson's poetry injects rhythm and momentum into a narrative that is equal parts art and superbly modulate…
In an attempt to lower the unemployment rates for Saudi citizens, the state has discouraged hiring foreign workers.…
In the past half-century wars between states have become exceedingly rare. In one of our most popular special repor…
The bald eagle’s rescue from the brink of extinction shows the importance of America's environmental protection leg…
“The Matrix” is not imminent, but brain-computer interfaces may be about to take a big leap forward; as we reported…
One of our most read editorials of the year was about the revolutionary social benefits of online dating
Forget Chinese or Hindi. If you want to learn a language which is truly global, learn French
Door number 23 of our Daily chart advent calendar reveals a “democratic recession” across the world
For much of history, dentistry was more a spectacle than a science. One of this year's most popular culture blogs
Set in the years after 1205, “A Hero Born”, one of our most popular book reviews of 2018, shows Chinese identity un…
The most significant edits are to characterisation, and they are not always an improvement
In spite of official sales estimated at 300m copies, Jin Yong’s epics have remained unknown to most Western readers…
The story of how Nintendo struck gold with a cheery, extravagantly moustachioed plumber. From the archive
The crisis in Venezuela may be yielding the largest forced displacement of people in Latin American history. One of…
As inequality grows, so does the political influence of the rich
Unlike Brooklyn or Manhattan, Queens is often overlooked. But it has the vibrancy of the whole world
The best way to read “Why Liberalism Failed” is not as a funeral oration, but as a call to action. One of our most…
How to revamp the North Pole's business model
The royal wedding between Meghan Markle and Prince Harry drew the most readers on a single day in 2018
One of this year's most popular reviews looked at how the late 19th century saw America suffering from similar prob…
This is how to make a paper Christmas tree in just one cut
Our cautionary memo to the biggest names in tech was one of our most popular briefings of 2018
In April, one of our most popular stories over the past year reported that passengers in need of 40 winks might be…
The Economist’s books of the year
Our review of "1983: Reagan, Andropov and a World on the Brink" was one of the year's most popular articles
“Mary Poppins Returns” aims to be nothing more than lavish, sweet-natured family entertainment—and it succeeds
Potential hiccups range from the availability of visas to the dress code
A decade ago, Cluj gave priority to universities over factories. That helped lead to an IT boom
For most people, digital dating offers better outcomes
Who gets mentions more often in The Economist? Barack Obama, Margaret Thatcher or Joseph Stalin?
Christmas in preindustrial Europe and America looked very different from today’s iteration
How trains cut deep into the Russian psyche. From the archive
Between July 2017 and July 2018, Google users in America searched for Python more often than for Kim Kardashian. On…
One of this year's most popular articles looked at why the passive voice has such a bad rap
After a 90-minute speech denouncing MPs and promising to rule without them, President Azali Assoumani tumbled to th…
Action-packed, hyper-cool and hauntingly bleak. One of @1843mag's most popular articles of 2018 looked at the films…
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
One of our most popular book reviews of 2018 looked at the near-miss of November 9th 1983
The explosion of artistic activity is not ignited by state largesse
What is the difference between civil partnerships and marriages, and why is the former becoming more common among s…
One of @1843mag's most read articles of 2018 asked: how can you be more productive?
Diplomats know that a well-chosen turn of phrase can make or break a negotiation. In May, we reported on a study th…
America’s government shuts down, once again
Why do cops kill, and what can be done about it? One of our most popular videos of 2018
A blacklist of journals that falsely claim peer review was compiled by Cabells in June, an analytics firm in Texas.…
Millions of adults are seeking stress-relieving solace in the pages of colouring books. From the archive
Unchecked, invisible cash flows now promote not democracy and liberty, but kleptocracy and misery. Our review of "M…
Fewer bees will mean fewer plants and therefore less to eat and less oxygen to breathe
Mr Sorkin diverges from Harper Lee’s novel in noticeable ways, and is less reverent of the original text
How is Donald Trump changing what it means to be America’s president? @AnneMcElvoy asks @DorisKGoodwin, a Pulitzer…
In January we reviewed the fourth season of “Black Mirror”, and the signs that the show was changing its winning fo…
DNA analysis has revealed the Bajau people have evolved to survive longer underwater. Our most popular science stor…
High-quality internet connections will become more widespread than basic sanitation and running water
The eighth series of AMC's show ended in April. In one of our most popular culture blogs, we looked at why the fran…
If you work in the financial district, chances are you've come across the "Midtown Uniform". One of @1843mag's most…
For Thomas Keating contemplation was not a static thing, but a dynamic encounter, a back and forth
An interview with the YouTube philosopher-pundit Natalie Wynn #OpenFuture
Hidden behind the 22nd door of our Daily chart advent calendar is a world map paired with a bar graph
The creation of "national champions" might enable European firms to better compete with America and China. But it c…
America’s government shuts down, once again
Multisensory architecture considers a building's acoustics, lighting, tactility and smell
Gleaners need to break into the world of big producers who care less about waste
China boasts 114 of the world’s 147 female, self-made billionaires (America has 14)
In 2018 big news was often bad news
The era of human gene-editing may have begun. Why that is worrying
Mosquito spectra could shine a light on how different types of mosquitos behave
The Chinese and American armed forces have not held nuclear talks in over ten years
Anyone who learns China's main written language will also learn the gender stereotypes in it. One of our most popul…
Work will continue on a doomed airport until the government can figure out how to pay bondholders
Pneumonia and influenza caused nearly 10% of all deaths in one week in January. One of our most popular stories fro…
Bitcoin may be too complicated to ever become a mainstream currency. One of our most popular articles of 2018
America’s government shuts down, once again
Melbourne, Sydney, Israel and Senegal intend to phase out coal
Since 1983 70,000 universities for the elderly have opened in China. In an explainer from August, we explore why th…
To explore different positions, Ms Wynn creates personas that take part in platonic dialogues with one another…
A memo from Bognor Consulting Group to Santa Claus
Courts in several countries are struggling to decide. Are all animals property? Or could some be granted the status…
Cities that can easily expand their boundaries are richer, less segregated, and have better-educated workforces
Cold-water swimming is surging in popularity. What makes taking the plunge so good for the mind and body?
America’s government shuts down, once again
Can Donald Trump trump Barack Obama in terms of mentions in The Economist?
More than 207,000 American minors were married between 2000 and 2015. One of our most popular stories from the past…
Freemasonry can appear incomprehensible because it contains no coherent ideology or doctrine. One of our most popul…
Obamacare is now embedded in American society. The consequences of ruling it unconstitutional would be disastrous
A new way of welding metal together makes for riveting reading
Despite missing a vital piece of his brain, Ethan Deviney is thriving
“The Favourite” offers an engrossing, and grotesque, portrait of Queen Anne, the last of the Stuart monarchs
Unless professionals all agree to cut back collectively, those who opt for more leisure risk being squeezed out by…
There are jokes about Remainers and “project fear”, and an unexpectedly pathos-laden riff about workplace insecurity
The world’s largest African museum has reopened in Belgium after a vast refurbishment. But has it truly confronted…
An interview with the YouTube philosopher-pundit Natalie Wynn #OpenFuture
Its main reference point is not myth but movies. The protagonist is a film buff in a noir-ish world of booze and br…
Seeking to cool China's ire, Canada points out that the arrest of Meng Wanzhou was not political
By the time it was banned in 1912, as many as two billion Chinese women had bound their feet. One of our most-read…
If you have ever been confused about exactly what Napoleon was doing in Russia in 1812, you are in good company. He…
Back in August, The Economist was reluctant to jump on the Bitcoin bandwagon
On August 14th, the Morandi Bridge in Genoa collapsed. Many bridges around the world which use reinforced concrete…
When people are fearful, angry or confused, she observes, they are tempted to give away freedoms to leaders promisi…
Door number 22 of our Daily chart advent calendar hides a multitude of forecasts for 2018
How Vienna's rise and fall shaped Friedrich Hayek, Joseph Schumpeter and Karl Popper. Our series on liberalism from…
John Stuart Mill's reflections on individual rights and mob rule still resonate today. Especially today
Christmas is a rare time in Europe when the young and rootless sit down with the old and rooted
Few people today have heard of Mada’in Saleh. Fewer still have visited the wonder 1,000km north-west of Riyadh
Is the fish on your plate caught by slaves? One of our most popular videos of 2018
Netflixonomics has changed the calculus of whether a show or film is worth making. This briefing was one of our mos…
When Gamal Abdel Nasser died in 1970, Egyptian speech was easily the most widely understood across the Arab world.…
Some 75% of Americans surveyed said that immigration is good for the country, up from 66% in 2012
Before online matchmaking, casual dating hardly existed in some countries where marriage is in the hands of parents…
Birds used cigarette butts to line only those nests that were infested with ticks
In September, the group's shares dropped by 2% as news of a data breach became public. One of our most popular trav…
Christmas albums are once again mere pieces of nostalgia
The last time Australia suffered a recession, the Soviet Union still existed and the internet did not
The biggest news events of 2018 in one chart
Once you twig that it is following assiduously in the footsteps of “Mary Poppins”, it starts to feel oppressively p…
One of our most popular pieces of 2018 examined how Marx’s ideas—about monopolies, rent-seeking and casual labourer…
Anthony Bourdain's motto was to keep moving, as far as he could. Keep moving. Try everything. From June 2018
One of our most popular articles this past year looked at why Arabic, the fifth-most-spoken language in the world,…
Millipedes have chemical defences that can blind, burn and poison would-be predators. Our article from August descr…
What will the future look like for CCTV surveillance? We ask our technology correspondent @halhod in "The World ahe…
Alexander Shestun, a powerful, wealthy politician and FSB informant, made enemies within the Russian state
Once, even possessing sheet music with more than one melodic line was grounds for arrest. Why? We explore the curio…
From leafy Hampstead Heath to the icy depths of Wast Water, England’s rivers, lakes and ponds are filling up with s…
The zip was one of the later fruits of the Industrial Revolution, and one that was slow to ripen…
Would granting animals habeas corpus undermine something fundamental to being human?
We have analysed every issue of The Economist in our archives to see how our coverage has changed over the decades
In August, Bitcoin's limitations became more widely known and the hype started to cool
More than 50,000 witnesses—about one Tunisian in 230—have been interviewed by the Truth and Dignity Commission
Advances in thermal coatings, engine acoustics and materials such as lightweight carbon fibre have made supersonic…
Once going, he wrote at speed, hoping to reach that state of exaltation when he would understand himself, and his s…
UNICEF saves children’s lives. Boko Haram takes them. Claims that the former is supporting the latter are absurd
In 2050 greenhouse emissions from agriculture in a vegan world would be 70% lower than in a world where people ate…
Sweden is aiming to be the first country to produce fossil-free steel
Women who speak in public are expected to give a no-room-for-error performance never expected of men
Sperm counts in the Western world are in rapid decline. But nobody knows why. One of our most popular videos of 2018
The story unspools through the late 1940s and into the 1950s picking up echoes of the McCarthyite witch-hunts and t…
In March we wrote about how it is hard to watch “Annihilation” without having some sympathy for the Paramount execu…
Is it possible to have democracy without liberty? Our series on great liberal thinkers from August 2018
The Economist has analysed its database of 100,000 forecasts by banks and consultancies to answer one question: How…
As people grow richer, they consume—and discard—more
Dickens was fascinated by financial systems and how they related to the inner lives of his characters
They want to turn the small town of Al Ula into Saudi Arabia's capital of culture
Several drones close Britain’s second-biggest airport
In Libya there is a risk that antipathy between mainstream Sunni Islam and the Ibadis could have a poisonous effect
In 2018 big news was often bad news. But love conquered all in one case
Ever had an emu burger? Probably not. In the 1980s farmers looking for alternative meat sources pinned their hopes…
Many employees’ expense claims are becoming more unusual
EU member states are finding new ways to funnel state funding to industry
An army of amateur detectives has been trying to work out who Satoshi Nakamoto really is. One of our most popular s…
One of our journalists showed Lady Murasaki, an 11th-century writer, around 21st-century Japan
Mr Mattis’s letter signalled the fundamentally self-defeating nature of such impulsive presidential behaviour
Maye Musk raised a film director, a food pioneer and an inventor. One of our most popular articles of 2018 from…
Lebanon’s sectarian political system lies at the heart of the problem
Some suspect the hand of Joseph Kabila
Origami is a rich source of new mathematics
The chart behind door 21 of our Daily chart advent calendar shows the triumph of Python, a coding language, over it…
High culture is flourishing. In October and November the city plays host to a long—and growing—list of arts events
The new process of welding uses a plunger to make the resulting surface much smoother and stronger
Animals have appeared in court in the past as the accused. What has changed is that today they have become plaintif…
The Tories are in turmoil not just because they are divided, but because the various candidates for leader are inad…
The Economist's coverage of historic figures in one chart
William Byrd, Elizabeth I’s favourite composer and a secret Catholic, wove hidden messages through his music like g…
Across Europe, the practice of Islamic family law is under pressure
Kansas' Laura Kelly has grasped how to appeal to moderates: by spending more time discussing health care and less o…
Serious minds are asking whether the veil has become less a mark of faith than a symbol of male domination. One of…
Richard Pinel, director of music at Jesus College, Cambridge explains polyphony
China has more to lose upfront than America in the trade war, so is replacing an earlier swagger with more concilia…
Why Lebanon struggles to form governments
Google has opened an "Advanced Solutions Lab" that is part consulting service, part tech bootcamp. One of our most…
Autonomous vehicles will be as transformative a technology as the smartphone. One of our most popular special repor…
Congo’s long-awaited election is delayed
“I keep waiting for Donald Trump to grow in office…Somehow the President doesn’t seem to process loss,”…
The decline of Washington, DC's churches has been exacerbated by gentrification
How to stop unmanned aerial vehicles disrupting aviation is becoming a pressing issue for policymakers
The admired defence secretary sounds the alarm on Donald Trump’s world view
The transgender populist fighting fascists with face glitter
When MPs vote on Theresa May's deal in January it will be closer to the Brexit deadline, with a greater risk of no…
"If you don't count, you don't count," says Lisa Power, who co-founded Stonewall
Steven Levitt, Esther Duflo and two Nobel prize winners make up some of our previous nominees for the world’s best…
The ideal implant would be safe, small, long-lasting and capable of transmitting huge amounts of data. One of our m…
Pilots and flight attendants have always liked a drink off-duty, but the world learns about this more quickly today…
Only when "data" is understood to mean "people" will individuals demand accountability from those who seek to snoop…
What does the future look like for blockchain and cryptocurrencies? One of our most popular Technology Quarterly ar…
Japan has had a thriving sex industry since at least the 17th century, but in recent years it's gone soft. Why?
James Mattis resigns
The only real medicine for the planet’s man-made fever would be firmer commitment to decarbonising economies
The restraint required from politicians to make Britain's unwritten constitution work has taken a battering in 2018
Joe Biden's top billing as a possible presidential candidate exposes the backward-looking state of the Democrats
“Mary Poppins Returns” is a faithful tribute to the original
Many employees’ expense claims are becoming more unusual
Dr González-Jiménez's methods are 83% accurate at recognising species and close to 100% accurate at recognising age
“Happy New Year, Colin Burstead” has an air of ritual festive bloodletting usually reserved for an “EastEnders” Chr…
Several drones close Britain’s second-biggest airport
Canada's government has been debating whether to ban the use of equipment from Huawei to build Canada's 5G networks
The Brexit vote coincided with the beginning of the first worldwide economic upswing in years. One of our most popu…
Atticus’s willingness to search for the good in others is his strength in the book. It is presented as a weakness i…
What blockchains may be able to do for your business, and what they can't. One of our most popular stories from the…
Nearly 63% of Instagram users report being miserable, a higher share than for any other social network
If methane exists at all in Mars's air, it is rare and confined to low levels of the atmosphere
Try your hand at our end-of-year quiz, featuring orangutans, George Clooney’s villa and Chinese teas
We can sharpen the definition of liberalism by examining the ideas of three anti-liberals: Rousseau, Marx and Nietz…
Streaming Christmas music is more prevalent where it is dark and wet
Young people in rich countries are increasingly likely to shun drugs, cigarettes, alcohol and crime
The infographic behind the 21st door of our Daily chart advent calendar is a slope chart
As exercise and smoothies have replaced despair and alcohol, the suicide rate in Russia has crashed
Cluj is one of only two Romanian cities that is growing rather than shrinking. But it needs to keep evolving to thr…
Several drones close Britain’s second biggest airport
Donald Trump has mastered social media. “The difficulty is that it is great for campaigning, it’s harder for govern…
Autocracies seldom die quietly. Yet in Armenia, that is exactly what seems to have happened
The power of a passport is the number of countries it will allow you to enter without a visa. One of our most popul…
In February, we commended “Black Panther” on providing room for its characters to breathe and its world to be explo…
Our analysis shows a trend towards reporting on personalities and that our interests are getting broader
Narendra Modi's clash with India's central bank is the latest in a series of mis-steps
Brexiteers, American steel workers and “gilets jaunes” are all drawn to nostalgia because they want reassurance in…
The Christmas getaway is a rare moment when cosmopolitan Europe intersects en masse with national Europe
Is the hanging of “In God We Trust” placards inside America's public schools constitutional? Probably
Avicii wanted to take his fans "on a journey”. When he played, they left the world behind. From April 2018
Ninalee Allen Craig imagined that she was Dante's Beatrice, and how could Beatrice ever be vulnerable? Our obituary…
In September, we reviewed “Maniac”, a TV series that set out to explore ambitious terrain: the human mind
Ghana and Ivory Coast produce about 60% of the world’s cocoa, but see little of the earnings from chocolate sales
The Isle of Man's insurers will have to be more open with clients, in particular on brokers' commissions
Only 13% of the world’s population enjoys a free press
In one of our most popular articles from 2018, @1843mag examines the contagion of civilisational decline
Suicide is the leading cause of death for all Indians between ages 15 and 39, and for Indian women between 15 and 49
The most obvious approach is to read the book as a straightforward critique of the inequities of Victorian capitali…
Emu owners in Texas anticipated a life of handsome profits. But the birds were expensive to care for and not easy t…
Which news event drew the biggest audience in 2018?
The Economist’s design team picks ten illustrated highlights of 2018
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
Japan has given the world the term "karoshi", or death by overwork
How the roundabout became a symbol of resistance in France
History suggests the Italian government will collapse before its five-year term is up
As it is passed on, the weakened polio virus used in oral vaccines can mutate
Ben Wheatley, a screenwriter and director, wanted to work on a story that reflected the moment
Africa’s high birth rate is keeping the continent poor
Three authors ponder the extent of Western responsibility in the making—and breaking—of South Sudan
In 2019 the legal-cannabis market is expected to grow by 40%
The obstacles to decarbonising energy are not insurmountable, and overcoming them could bring economic benefits
Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language
Prince Muhammad’s capricious policies, from the locking-up of wealthy Saudis to diplomatic feuds with Canada and Ge…
Economic inequality has only ever been rectified by warfare, revolution, state collapse and plague, argues Walter S…
“The Club” unpicks how the league became “a global sports business, and entertainment behemoth”
“Turbulence” comprises 12 tales in which strangers’ lives glance off one another as they each take a flight
For the Nipah virus to spread, contact had to be intensive and direct. Lini, with her tireless nursing, provided ju…
Courts in several countries are struggling to decide. Are all animals property? Or could some be granted the status…
Spain needs to find a way to honour all its dead and to teach its children the lessons of its history
Armenia, an ancient and often misruled nation in a turbulent region, has a chance of democracy and renewal
Many employees’ expense claims are becoming more unusual
The legacy of ancient Greece, which is diverse in itself, has been subjected to an even wider range of historical r…
Across Europe, the practice of Islamic family law is under pressure
Who gets mentions more often in The Economist? Barack Obama, Margaret Thatcher or Joseph Stalin?
Two of the three main islands that make up the Comoros have long feared subjugation by Grande Comore, the largest
Talks about a possible free-trade agreement between Canada and China face “new obstacles”, said China’s ambassador…
The story behind the 20th door of our Daily chart advent calendar is about migration from Venezuela
2019 will be the year that China lands an unmanned probe to the far side of the moon
In September, one of our most popular Technology Quarterly stories of the past year reported on how altcoins are sp…
Until the cost of batteries falls low enough, America's solar industry may struggle to expand
People spent 1.1m hours reading about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry when they tied the knot
Viktor Orban looks secure, despite the protests
Donald Trump plans to pull American troops out of Syria
Maple Valley, as some now call Toronto, is attracting disaffected tech workers from America
The young will suffer from AMLO’s plans to weaken accountability for teachers
Though British labour productivity no longer looks as bad as it did, its growth has been poor
Britain led the world in government outsourcing. Now the corporate giants that do the work have been beset by mount…
One of our most popular stories from the past year reported that just 3% of the world’s commercial pilots are femal…
Tunisia’s Truth and Dignity Commission is due to report on the crimes of the ancien régime by the end of this year
One of our most popular Gulliver articles over the past year reported on how fin-tech firms are disrupting currency…
In 2012-17 the number of male domestic-abuse victims recorded by the police more than doubled
Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron think letting European companies merge would help them challenge America's firms.…
AI is likely to have a bigger impact than anything since the advent of computers. One of our most popular stories f…
Kansas Democrats generally rely on urban and suburban types. Laura Kelly's gubernatorial race suggests they can be…
“The Favourite” works because it is a domestic drama, interested in the petty jealousies and squabbles of its chara…
Ethan Deviney is one of just ten people known to have been born without a cerebellum
One historian wrote of reporters who felt obliged to cover McCarthy, while frustrated that they had no effective me…
From groundbreaking moon missions to fresh growth in the legal-cannabis market, this is what will rise in 2019
Lagos is styling itself as Africa’s cultural capital
Until 2008 the British crown dependency of Sark was governed by a feudal constitution, little changed since 1565
Refill-friction-stir spot welding softens metal to a gooey consistency, before stirring it together to create a str…
In March Finland was named the happiest country in the world. We explained why in one of our most popular stories f…
China's peace offering in the trade war is starting to come together, and early signs are that Donald Trump likes w…
Italy and the European Commission reach a Christmas budget truce
According to one think-tank, the First Step Act would result in the release of 5,000 prisoners and shorten sentence…
Donald Trump’s team apparently wants to take water law back to the 1980s
Across Europe, the practice of Islamic family law is under pressure
China must change its boorish behaviour in American military exercises
Poor countries won firmer assurances that rich ones would help pay for their efforts to curb their greenhouse-gas e…
Knowledge of the species, sex and age of mosquitoes can give a better idea of how to stop people getting bitten
The US-Saudi relationship is now hostage to American politics
The army accused UNICEF of spying for Boko Haram. The claim was so absurd that it was quickly forced to backtrack
Growth in family offices reflects an acceleration in the number of billionaires worldwide
Many employees’ expense claims are becoming more unusual
The great thaw of the Arctic is happening far faster than once expected
Adaptations of Harper Lee’s Pulitzer prize-winning novel of race, prejudice and bravery in the American south are r…
.@ChrisMcGreal looks unsparingly at the causes of the opioid crisis that kills tens of thousands of Americans a year
The Economist's data team brings you an advent calendar this year. Here is door 20 of 25
Donald Trump plans to pull American troops out of Syria
Why a new way to think about data is needed
Donald Trump plans to pull American troops out of Syria
Tourists increasingly flock to the same places. Thank the rise of "bucket lists" and the hunt for the perfect Insta…
Why are Europe's large industrialists sceptical of of the European Commission's competition-enforcement arm?
Like it or not, Eurafrica is part of Europe's demographic and cultural destiny
The most obvious approach is to read the book as a straightforward critique of the inequities of Victorian capitali…
Cocaine in Britain has become more plentiful—and more potent. One of our most popular videos in 2018
Everything you ever wanted to know about vulvas but were afraid to ask. One of @1843mag's most popular articles of…
Londoners have their pubs. Parisians have their cafés. New Yorkers have diners. One of @1843mag's most read article…
Climate-change denial is, in part, the result of lobbying. But psychology also plays a role
Each year, Europe's big cities release the young, mobile and educated as they return to the towns where they grew up
How one Transylvanian city became the jewel of Romania
Experts have long acknowledged that airport security checks are vulnerable. One of our most popular stories from th…
A Trappist monk for 74 years, Thomas Keating taught that, through silence, God could be reached
We ask Frances Brooks Taplett of the Boston Consulting Group what can be done to increase the number of women in th…
The Bajau people have been diving for food for at least 1,000 years, and their bodies have changed to adapt
The CRISPR-babies scandal prompts wider questions about the culture and ethics of the rapidly developing area of ge…
Over the course of the 17th century, the taste for porcelain in Europe became a craving, even a disease
The web is becoming more like television, says @h0d3r, a formerly jailed Iranian blogger, on this week's episode of…
Blind tenants of Manhattan's Selis Manor navigate the building using structural, textural and olfactory guides
Withered trade unions in America and Britain have struggled to win concessions in reducing working hours
Alexander Shestun’s rise and fall reveal the mechanics of power in Russia and its lever—the FSB
Why trust in insurance is low in rural Africa
Can Donald Trump trump Barack Obama in terms of mentions in The Economist?
Would granting animals habeas corpus undermine something fundamental to being human?
A medieval romantic novelist returns to Japan and discovers how love has changed
In “Mary Queen of Scots” historical embellishment distracts from the film’s aim of humanising the two monarchs
King Edward VIII’s adoption of the zipped fly is credited with its popularity in Britain—but young men were flockin…
Big personalities get attention. Articles about Elon Musk, Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin drew lots of eyeballs in…
The administration is set to roll back Obama-era reforms that required schools to serve more fruit, vegetables and…
Eight of the European Union's northern states have resurrected a medieval alliance. The reason? Brexit…
Foreign investors have quietly pulled money from India
Right and left-wing opposition parties have united to protest two new laws passed by Viktor Orban's government
Marx’s ideas—about monopolies, rent-seeking and casual labourers—are more relevant than they have been for decades
China's one-child policy will have a far-reaching impact on its society for years to come. Our most popular video o…
France's occupied roundabouts have become symbols of muscular resistance and hubs of defiant solidarity
Robin Robertson's poetry injects rhythm and momentum into a narrative that is equal parts art and superbly modulate…
Americans make up 5% of the global population but consume 30% of the world’s prescription narcotics
Freshwater swimming is soaring in popularity, as thousands of people discover the benefits of a chilly dip
Those who champion open-plan offices seem to have forgotten the importance of being able to concentrate on your work
The most significant edits are to characterisation, and they are not always an improvement
Potential hiccups range from the availability of visas to the dress code
In 2017 polio cases caused by vaccine-derived viruses overtook, for the first time, those caused by the wild version
Economic forecasters' predictions are better than simplistic alternatives
In the battle for gender equality, Iceland is leading the world
Childbirth itself is safer than it has ever been. Why is there such sparse support for women after they give birth?
Buyers are lured by early interest in a piece, and sellers are reassured that there is no risk of failing to sell
Animals have appeared in court in the past as the accused. What has changed is that today they have become plaintiff
Australia and Canada are battling it out behind door number 19 of our Daily chart advent calendar
The royal wedding between Meghan Markle and Prince Harry drew the most readers on a single day in 2018
Democrats need new blood and new ideas. The admirable Joe Biden offers neither
In this week's "Babbage" podcast, we look at how rethinking conservation is needed to preserve biodiversity…
We have analysed every issue of The Economist in our archives to see how our coverage has changed over the decades
The Miura fold can solve all sorts of engineering problems. Here's how to make one
The story of Scrooge is as much a financial fable as it is a moral one
Tunisia’s Truth and Dignity Commission is flawed but unprecedented in the Arab world
Just 14% of American adults still smoked in 2017, so big tobacco firms are exploring moves into cannabis
What PayPal lacks in terms of profile it makes up for in performance
In Armenia, a Putinesque potentate was ejected, and no one was killed
NOMAD is 20 times more sensitive than the Curiosity rover’s detector, and it has found no methane
Healthcare was a decisive issue for voters in the mid-terms. Undoing the Affordable Care Act would not bode well fo…
Patterns in reflected infrared light correspond to different chemistries of species, sexes and ages
Veronika Tocha, a curator, says plaster copies should be seen as works of art with their own distinct biographies
Vice, the media brand that once charmed the likes of Fox and Disney, is losing money and declining in value
Mercantilism, such as "America-first" trade policies, favours companies—but not economies, competition and consumer…
People have started to take notice of all the data they are giving away. Yet few have changed their online behaviour
Ibadis see the Koran as being created by God, rather than a manifestation of divinity itself
Where is the best place to be a woman? Supported by @Mishcon_de_Reya
Five Norwegian veterans traipse across the wilderness, retracing the steps of the commandos charged with sabotaging…
Negotiators resolved most of 2,800-odd points of contention in the rule book's pre-summit draft
Donald Trump's latest White House reshuffle suggests he is running out of competent people willing to work for him
Over the last seven decades the US-Saudi relationship has been characterised by a near-constant state of mutual inc…
What makes a good period drama?
Edmund Burke described patronage as “the tribute that opulence owes to genius”. Today it is the spare change millen…
Refill-friction-stir spot welding is close to commercialisation
Private Chinese firms account for just 52% of industrial output, a share that is no longer climbing
In 2017 America’s Department of Justice guessed that fentanyl purchased in China for $3,000-5,000 could be worth ar…
David Szalay pulls off this imaginative feat because his focus is on age-old themes of mortality and desire
Should animals be granted habeas corpus?
Critics say that Masayoshi Son's plans for SoftBank are unclear and too ambitious
Nostalgia is often used to delay progress. But the best way to harness the past demolishes prejudice and opens hori…
In-house investment firms are now an essential part of every self-respecting billionaire's stable
The Economist's coverage of historic figures in one chart
When “Happy New Year, Colin Burstead” is broadcast over the festive period many viewers will surely empathise with…
In 2018 big news was often bad news
Stormzy describes his brand, #Merky, as a "hub of endless possibilities"
Court documents revealed that Michael Cohen understated his income by $4m between 2012 and 2016
China is walking away from the "Made in China 2025" plan, a move which they hope will placate American negotiators
The quality of the scrutiny that firms receive is declining
Brazil's pensions bill eats up more than half of the federal budget
The boundaries of America's cities make few allowances for geography, population density or common sense
A rising cost of living and anti-immigrant sentiment has led tech workers to shun America in favour of Canada
Some of the titans of finance are reportedly avoiding one-on-one meetings or dinners with women
Nigeria’s government is hostile towards international NGOs, which can contradict its claims to be winning the war a…
The Isle of Man's growing business of life insurance for the global rich and expatriates is under threat
Britain relies on the notion that its politicians know where the unwritten lines of the constitution lie, and do no…
Lincoln Temple's management team hope to rent the building to groups that serve the area's poor
Britain is governed by a self-involved clique that prizes self-confidence over expertise
Masayoshi Son, SoftBank's founder, is shifting his firm away from telecoms towards investing in tech entreprenuers
Real Madrid regains top spot in world football rich list
The man who captured his life on camera
'Criminals escaping justice' due to IT system
Antibiotic resistance plan to fight 'urgent' global threat
Drop-off baby boxes: Can they help save lives in the US?
England in West Indies: James Anderson takes four wickets to boost tourists
Brexit: Jargon-busting guide to the key terms
Sex offenders: Public not protected enough, say inspectors
Brexit: Theresa May to meet union leaders for talks
Man charged over Bearwood PCSO police chase death
Two people dead after Liverpool house fire
Newspaper headlines: Fugitive held and plane tragedy fallout
Thursday's Guardian: "US puts ‘full weight’ behind regime change in Venezuela" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (…
Thursday's Daily Express: "Victims of 999 cops’ carnage" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @BBCHelenaLee)
Thursday’s Daily Mirror: “Why won’t our government buy our steel?” #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via…
Thursday’s The Times: “Drug firms get millions for war on superbugs” #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via…
Thursday’s The Daily Telegraph: “Labour pushing to postpone Brexit” #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via…
Thursday’s City A.M.: "Varley in the dock over ‘secret payments’" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via…
Thursday’s Metro: “Prem ace’s pilot: ‘I’m a bit rusty’" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via @BBCHelenaLee)
Thursday’s i: “Alzheimer’s link to gum disease” #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCpapers (via @BBCHelenaLee)
Thursday’s Financial Times: “Big Four auditors warned not to sidestep EU rules on switching”…
RT @BBCSport: "Banned indefinitely from all club activities". Fulham striker Aboubakar Kamara was arrested at the club's training ground.…
The Gambia River bridge set to end 'centuries' of trade chaos with Senegal
Brexit: Are Leave-backers softening on Theresa May's deal?
Naomi Osaka: Noodle company apologises for 'white-washing'
RT @BBCSport: FT Burton 0-1 Man City Pep Guardiola's men are off to Wembley with a 0-10 (TEN) win on aggregate. LIVE 👉
Teachers tired of pointless emails
Prince William says celebrities shunned mental health charity
US shutdown: Trump defies Pelosi over Congress speech
UK government pays damages to 33 Cypriot pensioners
Wayne Hennessey: Crystal Palace goalkeeper charged for alleged Nazi salute
Aboubakar Kamara: Fulham striker arrested on suspicion of ABH and criminal damage
Tory MP Michael Fabricant hits back over 'wig jibe'
Alec Baldwin pleads guilty in New York parking spot row
Juan Guaidó: US backs opposition as Venezuela president
Facebook 'sorry' for distressing suicide posts on Instagram
RT @BBCNewsPR: Delighted to see you back in the studio, George!
'We're relieved that he's handed himself in' Katie Brown reacts to arrest of Jack Shepherd by police in Georgia.…
RT @BBCSport: Crystal Palace goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey has been charged for making an alleged Nazi salute.
Oscars 2019: Why Black Panther 'won't win' best picture
RT @BBCWorld: US shutdown: Trump defies Pelosi over Congress speech
Daily Mail demands browser warning U-turn
UK weather: Commuters warned about ice as temperatures drop
Eurovision Song Contest 2019: BBC reveals this year's hopefuls 🎤🎶
Patisserie Valerie reveals stores to close
RT @BBCWalesNews: LATEST: The search for missing Cardiff City footballer Emiliano Sala and a pilot is called off and - a decision on whethe…
Two little girls, one body - and a father facing an impossible decision Read more:
RT @BBCSport: David Beckham has taken a 10% stake in Salford City. Full story:
RT @VictoriaLIVE: BREAKING: Speedboat killer Jack Shepherd has handed himself into authorities in Georgia, it's understood. Charlotte's fa…
Two little girls, one body - and a father facing an impossible decision Read more:
RT @BBCBreaking: Man convicted of killing date in speedboat crash in UK hands himself in to police in Georgia after months on run
Two little girls, one body - and a father facing an impossible decision Read more:
Speedboat killer Jack Shepherd: Georgia link confirmed
RT @BBCPolitics: "Opposing no-deal will not stop no-deal from happening at the end of March" EU's chief #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier…
RT @BBCBreaking: US police arrest 36-year-old nurse after patient in a vegetative state gave birth
An artist's paintings of East End London are finally gaining recognition 🖼️🎨
In Pictures: National Television Awards 2019
RT @BBCPolitics: Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Everybody wants a deal... if the only way to get it is by re-opening the text that is what they'll have…
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Musician Dodie reveals how she secretly hid a new song in her @doddleoddle YouTube videos 🎤🎸🎶
David Beckham to become shareholder of National League club Salford
Mesh expert failed to declare £100,000 funding
EU urges crackdown on 'golden passports' for big investors
Novak Djokovic into Australian Open semi-finals after Kei Nishikori retires
RT @BBCWorld: 🎶 Let it go, let it gooooo... 🎶 When nature looks as magical as a movie scene ❄️😍❄️ #NiagaraFalls [Tap to expand]
Supermarket giant Iceland still selling palm oil products despite pledge to stop
RT @VictoriaLIVE: "Hand yourself in" The father of a woman who died in a speedboat crash appeals to her killer, who is currently on the ru…
RT @BBCPolitics: "I as the PM can stand here and say this - I know what it's like to have a cervical smear test... those few minutes can sa…
RT @BBCPolitics: There is a "stench of complacency" about government's response to the Grenfell Tower fire, says Labour's Sarah Jones, rais…
RT @BBCPolitics: SNP's Ian Blackford on #Brexit: "People up and down the UK are going to lose their jobs... because of the ideology of this…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn: Can the PM be clear does her government rule out a customs union? May: ...I'm happy to sit down and discus…
RT @BBCPolitics: PM says Jeremy Corbyn "was willing to sit down with Hamas, Hezbollah and the IRA... yet he won't meet me to talk about #Br…
"I don't do ads, so any ads with my name or face in is a lie or a scam" - @MartinSLewis drops legal action against…
The typo that led a man to a stranger's stag party
The Sopranos: James Gandolfini's son to fill father's shoes in prequel
'R Kelly insisted I have a sex trainer'
RT @BBCWorld: Dangerous chemicals found in nappy tests by French authority
RT @BBCSport: David Beckham has taken a 10% stake in Salford City. Full story:
"I love you man!" - all the bare emosh of the #NTAs (ICYMI) [tap to expand]
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry: Nuns 'lied that girl's parents were dead'
RT @BBCBusiness: Is your Santander branch closing?
From sugary drinks to fibre - are we getting the message? 🥤🍎🥕🥦
'I should never have been charged' - former Tesco director
Martin Lewis drops Facebook lawsuit
RT @BBCPolitics: "The gun is held to the British economy's head" Ex-chancellor George Osborne says a no-deal #Brexit would be like playing…
RT @bbcweather: -8C recorded at 10am in parts of Scotland and northern England...🥶
RT @BBCBusiness: How can virtual reality help you manage pain? For more on the innovations happening in the world of health:
Santander to shut 140 branches
#Davos2019: The man who thinks he can make us love kale
Delaying #Brexit worse than no deal, says Liam Fox
RT @BBCAfrica: Do you remember that viral video of a South African musician playing the guitar whilst having brain surgery? Well, we caugh…
RT @BBCPolitics: "The gun is held to the British economy's head" Ex-chancellor George Osborne compares the prospect of a no-deal #Brexit t…
Forget #Luther this is what life is really like for a London murder detective
RT @BBCWthrWatchers: Wonderful Wednesday Weather Watchers!
NTAs 2019: Five things we learned on the red carpet
RT @BBCPolitics: “The man who called this and left us a day later should be held to account. Where is he?” @MrDDyer talks David Cameron, #…
Woman dies after being hit by police car in Walthamstow
RT @BBCLondonNews: A 21-year-old woman has died after she was hit by a police car responding to an emergency call in east London
RT @BBCTech: Social media influencers agree to change the way they post
RT @BBCNews: Far-right groups could exploit Brexit tensions - police
Social media influencers agree to change the way they post
RT @BBCNews: Brexit: Delay is 'most likely' says former chancellor
RT @BBCNews: Emiliano Sala: Search for Cardiff City FC player's plane to resume
Microsoft's pods teach blind children how to code
Serena Williams knocked out of Australian Open by Karolina Pliskova after holding match points
Emiliano Sala: Search for Cardiff City FC player's plane to resume
Brexit: Delay is 'most likely' says former chancellor
Lambeth shooting: Boy, 15, seriously hurt in attack
How dangerous is Australia for women?
Zimbabwe troops accused of 'systematic torture' of protesters
Compensation body 're-traumatising' crime victims
Far-right groups could exploit Brexit tensions - police
Teen one of first UK proton-beam patients
Schools failing to report asbestos details
Justine Greening wanted to scrap tuition fees
Drone sighting disrupts major US airport
Newspaper headlines: Fears for footballer and Brexit 'panic'
Wednesday's FT: "Outspoken #Brexit backer Dyson shifts company HQ to Singapore" (via @hendopolis)…
Wednesday's Express: "Change cruel law to help the dying" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Times: "Courts in chaos as trials halted by IT breakdown" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Star: "Corrie Jack: Stress made me bald" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Guardian: "Blow to May as companies press #Brexit panic button" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Metro: "The last goodbye" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Mirror: "Bulgers rage at Oscars insult" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Mail: "Instagram helped to kill my daughter" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's i: "EU warns of threat to Irish border from 'no deal'" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
'Dozens' of British troops diagnosed with Q fever
NTAs 2019: Ant and Dec emotional after best presenter win
Wednesday's Telegraph: "Daily dose of aspirin 'not worth the risk'" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Independent: "EU: We'll enforce hard Irish border after no deal" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Morning Star: "Jobless stats hide 'horrific' rise in British regions" (via @hendopolis)…
Usain Bolt: Sprinter-turned-footballer declares his 'sports life over'
Rudolf Hess: DNA test disproves Spandau prison conspiracy theory
Met Office issues ice warning as snow hits UK
RT @BBCPolitics: Irish PM Leo Varadkar says his country can't give up the #Brexit backstop "in return for a promise that it will be alright…
Paris in the snow, in pictures
RT @BBCPolitics: Pregnant women and new parents may soon be allowed a proxy vote in the Commons - after @TulipSiddiq delayed a C-section to…
#Brexit: Back to the backstop
Oscars 2019: This year's snubs, shocks, surprises and curiosities
RT @bbcweather: 🥶❄️Most places will be below freezing tonight🧤🧣
RT @BBCSport: They trail 9-0 after the first leg... But Burton boss Nigel Clough has challenged his side to score a goal in their Carabao…
RT @BBCWorld: Paris in the snow, in pictures ❄️❄️❄️
RT @BBCWorld: Nantes fans pay tribute to footballer Emiliano Sala who was on a light aircraft which went missing over the Channel Islands.…
Pigeon droppings health risk - should you worry?
No-deal #Brexit 'means hard border' - European Commission
Custody battle father 'plotted acid attack on own son'
RT @BBCWorld: Girls, aged five, slip out of nursery unnoticed into bitter Siberian winter
James Bulger's mother 'disgusted' over film's Oscar nomination
Patisserie Valerie falls collapses administration as rescue talks fail
RT @BBCWorld: "We can wreck it with ease, we can wreck it without even noticing" - David Attenborough tells Prince William people must resp…
Dyson announces it is moving UK head office to Singapore
Huawei chairman warns of end to global 'partnerships'
Erotic novel once dubbed "the most famous banned book in the country" is sold for hundreds
A guide to MPs' #Brexit amendments
RT @BBCWorld: Chimpface: How a facial recognition tool is tackling the illegal chimp trade 🐵
RT @BBCNWT: This charity looks after little piggies that haven't stayed so little... 🐷🐷🐷
RT @bbcweather: Snow showers across parts of the UK can only mean one thing - stunning snow snaps! Here are some of our favourite Weather W…
🐶 Is your dog obsessed with its favourite toy? Scientists want to hear from you
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Child's death linked to Glasgow hospital pigeon infection
RT @BBCSport: "We continue to pray for positive news." Cardiff City have issued a statement after a plane carrying record signing Emiliano…
RT @BBCNWT: The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger "deeply upset" after film about her son's killers is nominated for an Oscar. The fi…
Child's death linked to Glasgow hospital pigeon infection
Let's ask the pros... how do you negotiate a deal? #Brexit latest: #Shutdown latest:…
RT @BBCPolitics: "This is what annoys people. You're not answering!" Sparks (and papers) fly as @MartinSLewis challenges minister Chris Sk…
RT @BBCBreaking: President Trump's ban on transgender people serving in military to go ahead after Supreme Court ruling
RT @bbc5live: 'We're all a bit gobsmacked!' Screenwriter Tony McNamara talks to @theRealNihal about the 10 Oscar nominations for The Favou…
How 'gatekeeper' nurses are cutting waiting times in one A&E [tap to expand]
Aww, Bear the bald hedgehog is getting some much-needed TLC 🦔
"Unprecedented" ice loss in Greenland
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: Brittany Ferries cancels trips to ensure transport of "critical goods" in case of no-deal
RT @BBCPolitics: Proxy voting: MPs to trial scheme for pregnant women and new parents
"I am absolutely astonished" – @RichardEGrant reacts to his nomination for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Ca…
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Best Director award nominees include Alfonso Cuaron for Roma, and Spike Lee for BlacKkKlansman #OscarNoms
RT @bbcweather: 🥶❄️We could see the coldest night of the winter so far tonight. -12C is possible in Braemar 🧤🧣Widespread frost expected and…
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Christian Bale, Rami Malek, and Bradley Cooper are included in the Best Actor Award category #OscarNoms
Has Fyre Festival burned influencers?
RT @BBCSport: Britain's Menna Fitzpatrick and her guide Jen Kehoe won bronze in the visually impaired giant slalom at the Para Alpine World…
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Black Panther, Bohemian Rhapsody, and The Favourite are nominated for the Best Film Award #OscarNoms
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Olivia Colman, Lady Gaga and Glenn Close are among nominees for Best Actress #Oscarnoms
RT @BBCScotlandNews: A football fan is to stand trial accused of punching three police horses outside Celtic Park before the Celtic vs Aird…
Londonderry alerts 'designed to frustrate' bomb investigation
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Nominees for Best Supporting Actress include Emma Stone, Regina King and Rachel Weisz #OscarNoms
'Brazilian butt lift' inquest: Fat clot killed woman
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Mahershala Ali, Adam Driver, and Richard E Grant are among the nominees for Best Supporting Actor #OscarNoms
RT @BBCLookNorth: Could tourists be asked to pay a £1-a-night levy to stay in York, with cash raised spent on tackling anti-social behaviou…
RT @BBCPolitics: Hard border in Ireland after no-deal #Brexit is "obvious", says @EU_Commission
RT @BBCPolitics: What are the amendments being put forward to the #Brexit votes next Tuesday and who is proposing them? BBC political anal…
Oscars 2019: Richard E Grant is among the nominees
The woman who painted the man who painted the woman who painted the bird
RT @BBCPolitics: “This is what annoys people, you are not answering… You are not being clear… Yes or no?” @MartinSLewis asks Tory MP @CSkid…
RT @BBCPolitics: Taking no-deal off the table "removes any incentive" for the EU to compromise on #Brexit - Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt t…
#Davos2019: 'I’m the boss, he’s the spouse'
RT @BBCSport: Born in Argentina, reputation forged in France. Emiliano Sala was among the top five goalscorers in Ligue 1 this season, bef…
RT @bbcthree: My friend secretly filmed me in the bathroom
RT @BBCWorld: Chris Brown: US singer arrested in Paris on suspicion of rape
RT @BBCBreaking: Premier League footballer Emiliano Sala was on plane missing over the English Channel, French authorities confirm
When your dad decides to do the same apprenticeship as you...
RT @BBCNewsNI: Northern Ireland's unemployment rate falls back below the UK average
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Unemployment in Scotland has fallen below the 100,000 mark for the first time
RT @bbcweather: Wintry showers for many in the west of the UK at the moment. These will work their way eastwards as the day goes on, affect…
Charlotte Brown death: Speedboat killer 'left UK before trial'
Davos: Prince William to interview Sir David Attenborough
#Brexit: What is Labour's customs union policy?
Size of Wales: Why is it used as a unit of measurement?
RT @VictoriaLIVE: EXCLUSIVE:@BaronessDeech is ‘shocked and dismayed’ after a government meeting on how long women can keep their frozen egg…
Turtle meat - the ultimate survival diet? 🐢
RT @BBCPolitics: Britain's EU referendum was "dangerous, even stupid" says @eucopresident Donald Tusk - claiming David Cameron only promise…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: 'It feels ridiculous that people are trying to protect their fertility then the eggs are destroyed for no reason,’ says C…
RT @BBCPolitics: Facebook deletes comments on ad calling anti-Brexit MPs 'scumbags'
RT @BBCPolitics: Some MPs can't live with it. The EU can't live without it. What is the backstop, and why is is such a sticking point fo…
RT @bbcouch: Brent reveals how social media can get a bit out of hand as MP's back a petition saying self-regulation of social media "has f…
Scotland, Dippy has arrived! 🦕
'I'm mixed-race, is Cambridge University right for me?'
RT @bbcweather: 🥶❄️We could see the coldest night of the winter so far tonight. -12C is possible in Braemar 🧤🧣Widespread frost expected and…
RT @BBCSport: Cristiano Ronaldo has cut a deal with a court in Madrid over tax evasion charges, accepting an €18.8m (£16.6m) fine. More: h…
Gleneagles chef Andrew Fairlie dies
Number of people in work in UK hits record high
RT @BBCWthrWatchers: It may no longer be 'super' but the moon's still looking pretty spectacular.
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Researchers at Strathclyde University are to test a radical new way of fighting the bone disease osteoporosis
RT @BBCBreakfast: 💕💕 We challenge you not to cry! Hear Tony's full reaction to the moment we told him that #BBCBreakfastGotTonyAFlypast ⬇️…
RT @BBCAfrica: The periodic table which shows which elements are becoming scarce - our mobile phones are one reason why
RT @BBCSport: There are fears Cardiff's new signing Emiliano Sala was on a flight missing off Alderney. The club said it said it was "seek…
RT @BBCLondonNews: Vandalism of the Bomber Command Memorial in London has been described as "mindless" and a "disgrace" by Britain's last s…
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Meet Kaiden 👋 He's 13 and has landed a modelling contract with Primark
RT @BBCSport: More on the news about there being "genuine concern" that Cardiff's new striker Emiliano Sala was on a flight missing off Ald…
RT @BBCWalesNews: There is 'genuine concern' that @CardiffCityFC's new signing was on board the plane
Derby police said: "We’re not just about arresting bad guys... Sometimes we’re a bit soft and caring"
RT @BBCBreakfast: The moment we told Tony that #BBCBreakfastGotTonyAFlypast. 💕✈️ #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation @louiseminchin @mrdan…
RT @BBCMaryam: Hotel owners in the Scottish Highlands are being urged to learn Mandarin and provide chopsticks for Chinese tourists. Do you…
RT @BBCNews: Little Lever: Woman and two children found dead in house
EasyJet takes £15m hit from Gatwick drone chaos
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Health secretary to meet NHS bosses over hospital pigeon infection deaths in Glasgow
RT @BBCNews: Disability hate crime: MPs back Katie Price over online abuse
RT @BBCNews: Marie Kondo: Are charity shops feeling the effect?
RT @BBCNews: Brexit: MPs put forward rival Brexit plans
Little Lever: Woman and two children found dead in house
Alderney air and sea search for missing plane
News Daily: MPs' Brexit plans and disability hate crime call
Taiwan 'bikini hiker' dies on solo climb despite search efforts
Zimbabwe president abandons Davos trip amid violence
Brexit: MPs put forward rival Brexit plans
France summons Italian envoy over Africa remarks
Marie Kondo: Are charity shops feeling the effect?
The battle on the frontline of climate change in Mali
Disability hate crime: MPs back Katie Price over online abuse
Human trafficking: Victims 'stuck in limbo for years'
Newspaper headlines: 'Groundhog May' and resignation threats
Brexit: Why are MPs putting forward amendments?
Antarctic krill: Key food source moves south
Digger driver wrecks Liverpool hotel lobby
Tuesday's Mail: "Ramp up hunt for our girl's killer, Mr Javid" (via @bbchelenalee)#tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Times: "Dozens of ministers ready to quit over #Brexit" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Guardian: "May rules out second vote as 'threat to social cohesion'" (via @bbchelenalee)…
Tuesday's Express: "Second vote will lead to civil unrest" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday’s Star: “Scumbags” (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday’s i: "Ministers plan mass resignation" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Metro: "Groundhog May" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Independent: "Groundhog Day" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's FT: "May's hopes of revising Irish backstop rebuffed by Barnier" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Morning Star: "Government agency staff walk out for pay justice" (via @bbchelenalee) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Democrat Kamala Harris announces presidential run
Is it OK to take the pill every day without a break?
RT @BBCOS: Why do women find eating out alone challenging? Heather explains that one bar she went to wouldn't let women sit there because t…
Russian rescue amid deadly blaze on two cargo ships off Crimea
Simon Mayo to launch classical station Scala Radio after leaving Radio 2
Brexit: David Cameron warned by Donald Tusk over 'stupid referendum'
RT @BBCkatyaadler: Collective shake of the head across EU capitals following the PM #Brexit statement to Parliament. “Nothing new” is leade…
Fossil shark named after 80s video game
RT @BBCPolitics: Do ministers think a second #Brexit referendum is a possibility? @BBCLauraK asks #PeoplesVote MPs as they emerge from ta…
Sickle cell: Call The Midwife shines spotlight on disease
RT @BBCWorldatOne: "The expectation is that the Prime Minister will not lead the Conservative party in to the next general election" says s…
RT @BBCMarkEaston: Scrapping the application fee means at least 27,211 EU citizens in the UK who've already achieved 'settled status' will…
Eastenders' Ben Mitchell is back - and being played by another new actor
RT @BBCWorld: Should trains have separate compartments for 'bear* children'? *spoilt and noisy
Google hit with £44m GDPR fine over ads
David Schwimmer lookalike: Police make arrest
RT @BBCPolitics: "The prime minister's invitation to talks have been exposed as a PR sham" Jeremy Corbyn says "nothing has changed" after…
RT @BBCPolitics: "The government will waive the application fee so there is no financial barrier for EU nationals who wish to stay" - There…
BAE Systems sells control of vehicles arm to Rheinmetall
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of being in "deep denial" about the scale of opposition to her "undeliverable" #Brexit d…
RT @BBCPolitics: £65 fee for EU citizens to secure right to live in UK after #Brexit scrapped
RT @BBCPolitics: Revoking Article 50 "would go against the referendum result", Theresa May tells MPs, adding that the EU are "unlikely" to…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Given the importance of this issue, we should all be prepared to work together" - PM "regrets" Jeremy Corbyn's refusal to…
Amazon, Apple and Google face data complaints
MI5, a law firm, a fire brigade and Welsh government among best #LGBT employers 🌈 - @stonewalluk
RT @BBCSouthNews: WW2 wreckage found by grandson on Norwegian mountainside
RT @BBCWorld: #Brexit: France fears no-deal blow to farms
RT @BBCWorld: Salisbury poisoning: EU sanctions Russian suspects
Vox pops: lazy journalism or a vital way to hear the voice of the people?
RT @VictoriaLIVE: 'I'm a mother, not a superwoman' New Zealand PM @jacindaardern is only the second global leader to give birth in office…
RT @BBCNewsNI: UPDATE: Police in Londonderry are dealing with a second security alert in the Creggan area involving a hijacked vehicle
Jaden Moodie murder: Teenager appears in court
Baby dies after crash in Penge which killed mother
RT @danroan: Three Sodje brothers jailed for taking charity money
RT @BBCWorld: If there was too much of this ☁️ or you were busy doing this 😴 then here's the stunning #SuperBloodWolfMoon you missed 😏 Mor…
RT @BBCWorld: Facebook to create 1,000 jobs in Ireland in 2019
G4S Medway report: Painful restraint of children challenged
"The club treated us like royalty... It was wonderful, I'll never forget it" - Happy 104th Birthday to @LFC superfa…
RT @BBCWorld: Click to Pray: Pope launches prayer app
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Diane Abbott rejects BBC response to Question Time "hostility" #bbcqt
Car crashes into boy's bedroom in Stourport
Londonderry security alert after weekend bomb attack
RT @BBCWthrWatchers: If clouds or sleep got in the way of you and the #SuperBloodWolfMoon, don't worry - check out our fantastic Weather Wa…
RT @BBCPolitics: "This was the biggest defeat of any government ever and it's as if nothing has happened" Conservative MP @Anna_Soubry say…
RT @BBCPolitics: “The feedback I have had from many colleagues… suggested to me that that reaching out is not taking place” Conservative MP…
'Ancient' Aberdeenshire stone circle found to be replica
Shrinkflation: Bread and breakfast cereals most affected
RT @BBCkatyaadler: The Polish Foreign Minister says he has proposed limiting the Irish backstop to 5 years to unblock the Brexit negotiatio…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: “A no-deal scenario would be very, very difficult” for New Zealand, prime minister @jacindaardern tells us
RT @bbcweather: A cold week ahead with some wintry showers and harsh frosts. It'll be less cold on Friday. Jo
Should Theresa May stick with her #Brexit plan?
Archbishop Justin Welby prays 'in tongues' every day
RT @BBCNewsround: "This is the place where they all ended their lives..." - Watch Finding My Family: Holocaust - A Newsround Special
Fyre Festival: Ja Rule says he was scammed by Billy McFarland too
RT @bbcweather: Warnings for #snow and #ice have been issued, check if your area will be affected here:
RT @DannyShawBBC: BREAKING : Chief Constable of Cleveland Police, Mike Veale, is resigning from the force after less than a year in post,…
RT @BBCNewsAsia: WhatsApp restricts message-sharing to fight fake news
It isn't really called #Davos... and 9 other things you didn't know about it
RT @BBCPolitics: "That's not being a gentleman, that's being a cad, sir" Getting in amongst the #Brexit protesters in Westminster 🇬🇧🇪🇺 [t…
"The Rachael Bland New Podcast Award is a chance for people to get the nation talking" - @richardpbacon #YouMeBigC
RT @VictoriaLIVE: “To have a young person have their life cut tragically sort, it’s something New Zealanders felt very, very deeply – and I…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: New Zealand is “ready and willing” to enter a future trade agreement with the UK post-Brexit, says prime minister @jacind…
What to expect other than Brexit this week
RT @bbcweather: Need to know the weather for the week ahead? Click here:
RT @VictoriaLIVE: “We’re turning away 400 women and children a week from specialist domestic abuse services.” @womensaid welcomes an overh…
RT @BBCScotlandNews: In pictures: 'Super blood wolf moon' in Scotland
RT @BBCPanorama: “My father’s life was ended by someone else.” David's father, Robert, was sent to Gosport War Memorial Hospital in 1998…
Duke of Edinburgh crash: Debris for sale on eBay
Mystery tribute to Windsor Davies spotted in Bridgend
'Why I wanted a tattoo on my mastectomy scar'
In pictures: 'Super blood wolf moon'
RT @BBCNews: News Daily: May on backstop, Chinese economy slows, soldier sues MoD
RT @BBCBusiness: Mike Ashley in talks to buy music chain HMV
Fulham 1-2 Tottenham: 'Why injury-hit Spurs do not need to panic buy'
RT @BBCNews: France and Germany to seal new deal as Brexit looms
Why are single women still mistaken for prostitutes?
RT @BBCNews: May to focus on Irish backstop in her Brexit 'plan B'
News Daily: May on backstop, Chinese economy slows, soldier sues MoD
Australian Open 2019: Alexander Zverev loses to Milos Raonic in fouth round
Dingoes attack young boy on Australia's Fraser Island
Australian Open 2019: Naomi Osaka & Elina Svitolina into quarter-finals
Soldier sues army over Q fever chronic fatigue
Card surcharges: Customers charged hundreds illegally
May to focus on Irish backstop in her Brexit 'plan B'
Super Bowl LIII: New England Patriots beat Chiefs 37-31 to set up Rams meeting
Man who had machete on train in Essex arrested
China economy: Fourth quarter growth slips to 6.4%
Fulham 1-2 Tottenham: Harry Winks scores in stoppage time for victory
France and Germany to seal new deal as Brexit looms
Why are so many people still dying from snake bites?
The eyewear designer for the stars
'The bed that saved me from the Taliban'
Judd Trump beats Ronnie O'Sullivan to win Masters final 10-4 at Alexandra Palace
'Landmark' overhaul for domestic abuse laws
Mali: Ten UN peacekeepers killed in 'jihadist' attack
Israel strikes Iranian targets in Syria - military
Women's frozen eggs 'should be stored for longer'
Stonewall 100: MI5 and law firm among 'best LGBT employers'
Newspaper headlines: 'May blames Corbyn as cross-party talks fail'
TV mistakes fan for new Huddersfield manager
Macedonia and Greece: Clashes in Athens over neighbour's name change
Mike Ashley reportedly in talks to buy music chain HMV
Three migrant boats land in Kent after crossing Channel
Huddersfield 0-3 Man City: Champions ease past managerless Terriers
RT @BBCWorld: Make space for the all-new "STEM superhero" badges Girl Scouts of America! 🔭💻🤖🛠 [tap to expand]
Tony Mendez, the real CIA spy behind Argo dies aged 78
RT @bbcweather: Unsettled start to the week with some rain and snow. Perhaps turning more settled later, but staying cold. np
Baby ray grown in sandwich bag at Aberdeenshire aquarium
In pictures: Ethiopians celebrate the festival of Timket
Zimbabwe protests: Crackdown is just a 'taste of things to come'
US shutdown: Trump angered by Democrat rejection of 'compromise'
RT @BBCLookNorth: How do you transport a Rhino across a continent?
RT @BBCWorld: The volunteers feeding thousands of unpaid federal workers during the longest US government shutdown in history Latest:
RT @BBCNewsNI: Two arrests made in connection with Londonderry bomb:
Roger Federer beaten by Stefanos Tsitsipas in Australian Open fourth round
Fyre Festival: Fund for unpaid caterer hits £60k
RT @BBCPolitics: Will the UK be able to replicate the EU’s trade deals after #Brexit? #Marr discusses with International Trade Sec Liam F…
The woman with her head in the clouds
RT @bbcweather: Here's the first visible satellite picture of the day - lovely sunshine for the south and east and returning behind our wea…
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Baby ray grown in sandwich bag at Aberdeenshire aquarium
RT @BBCPolitics: Parliament does not have the right “to hijack #Brexit and in effect, steal the vote from the people” says International Tr…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: “Parliament is going to try and take control of the process” says Labour's Shadow Brexit Sec Keir Starmer
RT @bbcweather: There are no Met Office warnings in force, but watch this space as snow features more significantly in the forecast later M…
RT @BBCPolitics: Shadow #Brexit Sec Keir Starmer: Labour’s Brexit policy is now in a new phase #Marr
Becoming a pro puppet master - meet the humans behind the furry stars of the award-winning @avenueqmusical…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr: Have you ever seen Theresa May compromise? Former adviser to the PM Tom Swarbrick: "I can’t think of one off the t…
Londonderry: PSNI say courthouse bomb 'unbelievably reckless'
Maggie Rogers went viral. Now she's out to prove herself
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Scotland's papers: Pigeon infection and police warn Duke
RT @BBCNWT: The Bible like you've never seen it before... ⛪🧶
RT @BBCNews: Would you share make-up with a stranger?
RT @BBCNews: Gosport hospital deaths: Evidence 'strong enough to bring charges'
Holocaust victims to be buried after remains given to museum
Courchevel: Two killed in fire at French ski resort
RT @BBCNews: Policeman shot dead by robber remembered 100 years on
RT @bbc5live: Skywatchers are gearing up for a lunar eclipse, where the Earth's natural satellite turns a striking shade of red. 🔴 Some ar…
RT @BBCWalesNews: Researchers at @cardiffuni hope the find could lead to improvements in cancer treatment
RT @bbc5live: Retailers are issuing the largest number of profit warnings in a decade. Independent retail expert @CBRetailExpert says: “c…
RT @BBCNews: Downing Street warns MPs not to block Brexit
Maurizio Sarri says Chelsea are 'very difficult to motivate' after Arsenal defeat
Manny Pacquiao beats Adrien Broner to retain WBA world title on points
US shutdown: 'It's scary, I don't know how long we'll last'
Australian Open 2019: Angelique Kerber in shock early exit
Downing Street warns MPs not to block Brexit
Video of US teens taunting Native American draws fire
Australian Open 2019: Ashleigh Barty & Petra Kvitova into quarter-finals
Policeman shot dead by robber remembered 100 years on
Gosport hospital deaths: Evidence 'strong enough to bring charges'
Liverpool 4-3 Crystal Palace: Mohamed Salah double as Reds edge thriller
War on fatbergs: Can this 21st Century peril be blitzed?
Would you share make-up with a stranger?
The pain of Tourette's: 'I'm always covered in bruises'
Skywatchers await 'super blood wolf moon'
DR Congo court upholds election result
Heathrow: Man charged with flying drone near airport
Newspaper headlines: 'May in meltdown' and 'Bercow may stay as speaker'
Carter Cookson: Baby who needed new heart dies
Jaden Moodie: Man charged with murdering teenager
Police speak to Philip for not wearing seatbelt
Trump makes immigration offer to end shutdown
'About 170 migrants dead' in Mediterranean shipwrecks
Londonderry: Police investigate suspected car bomb
Ticket resale company 'determined to sit outside the law'
Arsenal 2-0 Chelsea: Alexandre Lacazette and Laurent Koscielny score in important win
US shutdown: Trump to make 'major announcement' on Mexico wall
An alpaca walks into a French opticians...
Two dead after pigeon dropping infection at hospital
Prince Philip seen behind the wheel two days after crash
RT @BBCWorld: "A doctor killed while trying to perform his duty" - footage emerges of people fleeing gunshots as Sudan's deadly protests en…
RT @BBCWorld: Death toll in Mexico pipeline explosion rises to 66, with dozens more injured Latest:
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: HMRC is accused of sending out fines for late tax returns weeks before the deadline, which it denies – have you receiv…
Rappers Skengdo and AM breached injunction by performing drill music
Firewomen prove they exist to four-year-old Esme
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Pigeon dropping infection at Scottish hospital "very unusual in the UK" Read more:
Will Gompertz reviews John Lanchester's dystopian novel The Wall ★★★☆☆
RT @BBCr4today: Brexit: The UK leaving would be "a big disappointment" says former Arsenal and Germany goalkeeper @jenslehmann. A love affa…
RT @BBCEngland: Six Nations: England's Owen Farrell to undergo minor procedure on thumb
RT @BBCBreaking: Man arrested on suspicion of murder by police investigating moped death of teenager Jaden Moodie in east London
"To work with him was a pleasure, a sheer delight... he was a lovely, lovely man" - It Ain't Half Hot Mum's Melvyn…
Obituary: Windsor Davies, star of It Ain't Half Hot Mum
It Ain't Half Hot Mum actor Windsor Davies dies aged 88
It Ain't Half Hot Mum actor Windsor Davies dies aged 88
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Probe after pigeon dropping infection alert at hospital
Boo the Pomeranian dog dies 'from a broken heart'
RT @BBCPolitics: "What the prime minister is doing now is not resilient, it's reckless" - Labour's shadow #Brexit secretary @Keir_Starmer s…
Simona Halep beats Venus Williams and will face Serena next at Australian Open
RT @BBCPolitics: Brexit: Theresa May should become mediator, says Sir John Major
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Scotland's papers: Killer gran and Prince crash latest
Pawel Adamowicz: Poland mourns death of stabbed Gdansk mayor
RT @danroan: Crystal Palace to shelter homeless at Selhurst Park stadium
RT @BBCWorld: Up close and personal with the 'world's largest great white shark' 🦈😲 More stunning #DeepBlue pics 👉
RT @bbc5live: 90% of people don't find cosmetic surgery makes them feel better. NHS England National Mental Health Director Claire Murdoch…
RT @BBCFergusWalsh: Differences in GP access across England 'shocking'
🙌
RT @BBCNWT: Welcome to barkour - parkour and free-running for dogs! 🐶😍 @sirenasylumfit
RT @BBCr4today: Sir John Major urges Theresa May to lift some of her red lines on Brexit "in the national interest". If the Cabinet can't a…
RT @BBCNews: Government to fund 2,900 school exchanges for poorer pupils
RT @BBCBusiness: "I'm going to go up there and I'm going to show everyone that I can be just as great". Rhea is a social housing officer by…
Australian Open 2019: Serena Williams comforts teenager after third-round victory
Buzzfeed's Trump lawyer report not accurate - Mueller's office
Government to fund 2,900 school exchanges for poorer pupils
Blast at leaking Mexico pipeline kills 20 and injures dozens
Are grey cars really silver? And other car colour questions
Statue for Wales' first black headteacher Betty Campbell
Brexit worries 'add to car insurance costs'
Mental Health: Tougher checks before Superdrug Botox
Differences in GP access across England 'shocking'
Crystal Palace to shelter homeless at Selhurst Park stadium
Champions Cup: Edinburgh 19-10 Montpellier - Hosts secure home quarter-final
Reality Check: Why has Zimbabwe hiked petrol prices?
Kiah Morris case: How far do free speech protections go in the US?
Can pubs stand many more Dry Januarys?
Week in pictures: 12 - 18 January 2019
Katelyn Ohashi: My 'crazy' week as the 'perfect 10' gymnast
Vogue sorry for misidentifying journalist Noor Tagouri
'Frail' Edinburgh couple face removal to Iran
Newspaper headlines: Prince Philip gets a new car - but will he drive it?
Saturday’s Guardian: "Patients stockpile drugs fearing no-deal Brexit" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via…
Saturday's Financial Times: "Tory Brexiters issue threat to May" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Saturday’s Daily Telegraph: "Facebook paid to host anti-Brexit 'fake news'" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday’s Daily Express: "Judge blasts benefits system" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Why jobseekers with ethnic names change personal details on CVs
Saturday's Daily Mail: "Time to call it a day Philip?" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Saturday's Daily Mirror: "Phil back on the road" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Saturday's i: "Snap election warning by senior Tories" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Saturday’s Times: "£1,000 to park at work" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @AllieHBNews)
Lauren Jauregui: 'The music industry clouds your soul'
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr this Sunday: Trade Sec @LiamFox Shadow Brexit Sec @Keir_Starmer Plus, as Theresa May holds #Brexit talks, we’l…
Octopus 'off menu' at Oxford University's Somerville College
#Brexit: Did Boris Johnson talk Turkey during referendum campaign?
RT @BBCBreaking: Donald Trump will hold second summit with North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un at end of February, White House says
Alfie Lamb death: Crush death boy injuries 'like car crash'
RT @BBCWorld: Nastya Rybka: Russia seizes model who made Trump collusion claim
RT @BBCSport: This is adorable. #bbctennis #AusOpen
The Duke of Edinburgh visited hospital earlier today on doctor's advice for a precautionary check-up, which confirm…
RT @BBCWorld: Pelosi cancels Afghan trip after Trump 'leaks' security details
Big Brother's Cameron: 'I get homophobic abuse on a daily basis'
RT @BBCWorld: Trump to meet North Korea's Kim Yong-chol at White House
June Whitfield: Absolutely Fabulous cast attend beloved co-star's funeral
Lloyds, Halifax and Bank of Scotland customers face payments glitch
RT @BBCWorld: US citizen arrested for war crimes in Bangladesh 'was only 13'
RT @BBCWorld: Pence condemns 'offensive' LGBT criticism of his wife's job
Fortnite predator 'groomed children on voice chat'
Reality Check: Has immigration held down wages?
Couple jailed for neglecting two-year-old who died of malnutrition
Great white shark photo: I swam with 'world's biggest'
Explosion fraudsters committed 'white collar' mass murder
BBC Asian Network news editor on trial 'trusted journalist'
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: We're working on a story about the drug Xanax Have you taken it or other anxiety drugs? Have your friends or relative…
10 Year Challenge: How the world has changed in a decade
Hunted on TV: Could a reformed criminal win cash prize?
Brexit: High-profile Germans plead with UK to stay in EU
Is the NHS's long-term plan workable?
Leicester explosion: Three men jailed for murdering five people
RT @BBCWorld: "Don't cry. You've made it. You're safe now." Mira and Jiyun are two young women who managed to defect from North Korea only…
RT @BBCWorld: Zimbabwe cuts internet indefinitely amid violent crackdown
RT @BBCWorld: Douglas bus fire leads to passenger evacuation
Virtual cities: Designing the metropolises of the future
Older drivers: Is age a factor behind the wheel?
The Arab country turning to 'female Viagra'
RT @BBCScotlandNews: 'I just want to hold my son’s hand' - double hand transplant patient Corinne Hutton talks about her life-changing surg…
RT @BBCWorld: 'IS Beatles': Mother loses high court challenge over evidence
Shoreham air crash trial: Pilot Andy Hill 'did nothing' to avoid crash
Drag queen or delivery driver: What's your 'side hustle'?
RT @BBCPolitics: Ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage says he will stand as an MEP for a new political party if Article 50 is extended and the UK co…
RT @BBCWorld: "There is actually no point going to school if our world is going to die" 🌏 These teenagers are on strike over climate chang…
"I thought my heart was going to explode" Photographer Kimberly Jeffries got up close and personal with what's tho…
Liam Fox: Customs union 'would not deliver #Brexit'
Aiia Maasarwe: Arrest over killing of Israeli student in Melbourne
RT @BBCPolitics: Boris Johnson: "Put a tiger in the tank" Ex-foreign secretary suggests UK withholds at least half of £39bn divorce bill t…
Twitter warns that private tweets were public for years
Tesla to cut jobs as cars 'too expensive'
Australian Open 2019: Maria Sharapova beats defending champion Caroline Wozniacki
Fyre Festival: Inside the world's biggest festival flop
🚗 Grey is the UK's favourite car colour for the first time
"It was a horrendous accident and it's just amazing that people weren't seriously injured" Roy Warne saw the crash…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: Some call it the oldest profession in the world – selling sex. But a new take – brothels full of sex dolls – are opening…
Quiz of the Week: What's the fountain furore in Rome?
RT @BBCWorld: Australia swelters through record-breaking heatwave
RT @BBCDomC: BREAKING: London mother of suspected Islamic State group executioner loses legal attempt to stop the UK sending evidence to th…
RT @BBCMonitoring: What can we learn from Al-Shabab's statement on the #DusitAttack? @Minalami explains.
RT @bbcweather: Rain, sleet and hill snow continues to edge in across western areas. A covering of snow over the Welsh mountains likely. Ma…
Prince Philip: Sandringham crash led to car 'tumbling' across road
Buzzfeed report that Trump 'instructed Cohen to lie' sparks outcry
RT @BBCSteveR: Footwear advice for a Russian winter: try on a pair of ‘valenki’ (Russian felt boots). The music is folk song ‘Valenki, vale…
RT @BBCkatyaadler: #Brexit may mean Brexit.. but will May’s Brexit mean exit on 29 March? The all new Brexitcast
RT @BBCPolitics: Britain's slowest council for filling potholes revealed
RT @BBCMonitoring: Can Kenya stop al-Shabab attacks?
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Are you having problems getting medicines? 💊 @ us to share your stories
RT @BBCBusiness: Grey is the UK's favourite car colour for the first time
RT @BBCPolitics: Speaker Bercow 'could be denied peerage'
Ryanair issues profit warning as fares fall
News Daily: Medicines shortage, Prince Philip crash and Bercow peerage
Nottinghamshire Police chief's husband in racism probe
Prince Philip A149 crash road speed limit 'to be reduced'
Graffiti spotted in Tokyo could be Banksy artwork - maybe
Pharmacists warn of a 'surge' in shortage of common medicines
Coventry City Council is UK's slowest to fill potholes
Africa's week in pictures: 11-17 January 2019
Banksy artwork in Port Talbot sold for 'six-figure sum'
The North Korean women who had to escape twice
Why is Chinese state media blurring these actors' ears?
Trumplomacy: Five takeaways from Pompeo trip to Middle East
How will history judge President Trump?
'My son's severe asthma is very distressing'
Netflix boosts subscriber numbers to nearly 140 million
Newspaper headlines: Duke of Edinburgh's 'miracle escape'
Friday's Metro: "Philip flips Land Rover" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCPapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Guardian: "Corbyn faces threat of revolt if he seeks new referendum" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (vi…
Friday's Telegraph: "May faces revolt against no deal" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Daily Mail: "How did he walk away?" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Speaker Bercow 'could be denied peerage'
Friday's City AM: "Firms fear energy gap" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCNews (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Financial Times: "Energy policy sapped by Hitachi retreat" #tomorrowspaperstoday #BBCNews (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Daily Mirror: "Philip, 97, cheats death in crash" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Times: "May to block Bercow’s peerage" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Saturn's spectacular rings are 'very young'
Medical student helps deliver newborn at Tube station
RT @BBCPolitics: .@afneil asks Tony Blair if he's "interfering" in #Brexit talks: "Some people would think for a former PM, this is unpatri…
Mary Oliver: Pulitzer-winning poet dies aged 83
RT @BBCPolitics: Here's @bbclaurak recording our latest #Brexitcast outside the Cabinet Office. It's like 2010 all over again... Click her…
RT @BBCWorld: Abortion: Woman 'refused termination' at Dublin hospital
Prince Philip unhurt after car crash This is footage from the scene close to the Queen's Sandringham estate…
Prince Philip unhurt after car crash - palace
RT @BBCBreaking: Duke of Edinburgh involved in car crash near Sandringham Estate but not injured, Buckingham Palace says
RT @BBCPolitics: Brexit: Which MPs have had talks in Westminster?
Climate change: Is nuclear power the answer?
Oxford University suspends Huawei donations and sponsorships
Divers swim with one of biggest great white sharks off Hawaii
Australian Open 2019: Johanna Konta knocked out by Garbine Muguruza
'Smartphone zombie' fine cheered on Chinese social media
RT @VictoriaLIVE: 'I forgive the man who upskirted me' @ginamartin_uk successfully campaigned to make upskirting a crime. She hopes the m…
Jose Mourinho: Former Manchester United manager says he is too young to retire
Masters Snooker 2019: Ronnie O'Sullivan beats Day to reach last four
RT @BBCPolitics: Conservative @NickBoles says ministers will resign if they're forced to vote against his plan to block a no-deal #Brexit…
Lleyton Hewitt says Bernard Tomic has threatened and 'blackmailed' him
Snow and ice bring travel problems in north east of Scotland
Aiia Maasarwe: Israel student killed in Melbourne while on phone with sister
North Korea's Kim Yong-chol on way to Washington
RT @BBCPolitics: "Jeremy Corbyn has been quite happy in the past to talk to Hamas, Hezobollah... I find it extraordinary he's not prepared…
Cricket World Cup 2019 tickets being resold for more than £12,000
Ant McPartlin returning to work with Dec on Friday
Owner gets stuck up tree trying to rescue own cat
RT @BBCPolitics: Upskirting is becoming a crime in England and Wales - after victim @ginamartin_uk made a stand [tap to expand]
BBC Asian Network editor on trial over abuse victim naming
England women to travel to India for ODI and T20 series
Nursing mother smashes 268-mile Montane Spine Race record
Shoreham air crash trial: Pilot Andy Hill 'chose risky stunt'
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
RT @BBCPolitics: The scale of Theresa May's defeat in the #BrexitVote "allows the prime minister to take a clear message to the EU" about c…
Marie Kondo - does tidiness really equal a clean mind?
Eloeyse is too young to drive a car in the UK – but she's just completed her first solo flight 🙌 [Tap to expand]…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Jeremy Corbyn says he has a duty to consider a "public vote" on #Brexit, if he cannot secure a general election o…
Australian Open 2019: Elina Svitolina and Karolina Pliskova progress to third round
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn calls on government to spend no-deal #Brexit preparation money on "better things", saying £4.8bn "would pay…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Take no-deal off the table now" Labour's Jeremy Corbyn says he will only hold #Brexit talks with Theresa May if she rule…
Australian Open 2019: Serena Williams beats Eugenie Bouchard in second round
'Mr Big' Paul Massey murder: Hitman gets life in jail
Kenya attack: Nine arrests over bloody DusitD2 hotel siege
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs will vote on Theresa May's #Brexit plan B on 29th January Updates:
RT @BBCr4today: Threatening a no deal #Brexit "is a problem for the EU, but a catastrophe" for the UK says Tony Blair. It will do "enormous…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May holds #Brexit talks with MPs after winning confidence vote Updates:
Frank Lampard: FA Cup win at Southampton 'magical' says Derby boss
Why are the Chinese buying fewer cars?
Kenya attack: Who are the Nairobi victims?
Wylfa Newydd: Hitachi to halt work on UK nuclear plant
RT @BBCBreaking: Hitachi to suspend work on nuclear plant, in Anglesey, north Wales, putting thousands of jobs at risk
RT @BBCSteveR: On #Brexit, one Russian paper today advises readers to “stock up on popcorn & watch the locking of horns on the field of UK…
RT @BBCBreakfast: "Jeremy is holding to the principle that all the rest of them agree with..." Labour's @BarryGardiner MP talks to #BBCBrea…
RT @BBCNormanS: Tony Blair says @jeremycorbyn shd take part in talks with Theresa May #R4Today
RT @BBCNormanS: A series of indicative votes on Brexit options is "the obvious thing to do" - Tony Blair #r4today
RT @BBCNormanS: Extension to Article 50 inevitable - Tony Blair #r4today
RT @BBCNormanS: The public shd be proud of MPs for rejecting PM's brexit deal says Tony Blair #r4today
Wylfa: Decision on future of nuclear power station expected
RT @danroan: As reported by @FT, Tim Davie - head of BBC Studios - has indeed turned down chance of becoming new CEO of the Premier League,…
Indonesian woman mauled to death by giant pet crocodile
Police misconduct: Watchdog 'bringing wrong cases'
Brexit: Theresa May pushes for cross-party consensus
Netflix's Bird Box film contains footage of Lac-Megantic disaster
Haemochromatosis: 'Most common' genetic disorder test call
London state school secures 41 Oxbridge offers
No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma
'I’m just ill – respect me for who I am'
UK groups fund illegal orphanages in Africa
GCHQ sets up all-female cyber-training classes
The diet to save lives, the planet and feed us all?
Retailers told to clean up act over fake faux fur
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Housing market outlook worst 'for 20 years'
The coffees you've never heard of which face extinction
Can Theresa May bring her critics on board?
RT @BBCPolitics: UK PM Theresa May urges MPs to "put self-interest aside" and "work constructively together" to "find a way forward" for #B…
Thursday's Daily Mirror "Ditch No Deal... and then we'll talk Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday's Daily Star "Who dared won" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's i "Softer Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Daily Express "You've lost respect of the nation" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Times "Corbyn snubs Brexit talks" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Daily Mail "Wrecker Corbyn slams door on Theresa" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Guardian "May survives vote, but Britain remains in Brexit deadlock" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (…
Thursday's Daily Telegraph "Hammond tells business chiefs MPs will stop no-deal Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Thursday's Metro "Brexican stand off" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
UK PM Theresa May says MPs must 'work together' to deliver #Brexit
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs must "put self-interest aside" and work together on a way forward for #Brexit, says Theresa May - and she is "disappoi…
Thursday's Financial Times "May starts search for Brexit ideas after narrow confidence vote win"…
Meghan Markle laughs off an unexpected comment during a visit to an animal charity in London [Tap to expand]…
RT @bbclaurak: PM will make a statement live in Downing Street at 10pm
Labour's no confidence motion: How did my MP vote?
RT @BBCPolitics: UK PM Theresa May wins a vote of no confidence and says she's reaching out to other party leaders about #Brexit, starting…
RT @BBCPolitics: "I will not vote in no confidence against her to put a Marxist in 10 Downing Street" Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg says…
RT @BBCPolitics: After an historic Commons defeat and a no confidence vote - what now for #Brexit? Six key figures set out what they see…
RT @BBCBreaking: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn calls on UK government to remove "once and for all the prospect of the catastrophe of a no-dea…
RT @BBCBreaking: UK PM Theresa May invites leaders of other parties to meet with her to discuss #Brexit, starting tonight, after government…
May's government survives no confidence vote
RT @BBCPolitics: Environment Secretary Michael Gove accuses Labour's Jeremy Corbyn of failing to bring his own party together, as he closes…
RT @BBCPolitics: Environment Secretary Michael Gove accuses Labour of failing to make the case for Jeremy Corbyn - saying Tom Watson did "n…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Ultimately she has failed" - Labour's Deputy Leader Tom Watson says UK PM Theresa May must go because she is not capable…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May is "a prime minister without a majority for her flagship policy", lacking the "political skills, the empathy..…
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs will hold a vote of no confidence in UK PM Theresa May's government just after 1900 GMT Follow live updates:
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May faces a vote of no confidence this evening after a crushing defeat in the MPs' #BrexitVote Here's @ChrisMason…
Lorry driver who dumped 100 tonnes of waste at school jailed
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's @TulipSiddiq delayed giving birth to vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal - nine months pregnant, and in a wheelcha…
Syria war: 'IS suicide bomber' kills US troops in Manbij
Brexit and no confidence vote: When will May budge?
Alfie Lamb death: Mother told crushed boy 'to be quiet'
Patient who objected to 'Asian doctor' silenced by receptionist
RT @BBCPolitics: #PMQs: what happened?
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: "True heroes" - Kenyans pay tribute to those who helped during the Nairobi hotel attack #WeShallOvercome #KenyaUnbowed…
UK film age rating rules get stricter for scenes of sexual violence
RT @BBCPolitics: 'The thing we've been talking about on #Brexitcast for the past two years has been crushed by parliament' Listen to the…
Roku U-turn over streaming Alex Jones's InfoWars
Calls to ban low-level letterboxes and adopt EU standard
Shoreham air crash trial: Pilot Andy Hill 'negligent'
RT @BBCWorld: United Nations: Survey finds third of workers sexually harassed
India women: First female climbs sacred mountain
RT @BBCPolitics: "I am a Conservative first and last... the whole of the ERG will vote this nonsense down" Backbencher Mark Francois tells…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Every single previous prime minister in this situation would have resigned and called an election" - Jeremy Corbyn urges…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May tells MPs a General Election is "the worst thing we could do" with #Brexit looming as it would bring chaos, di…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of "acting in her narrow party interest, rather than the public interest" on #Brexit - s…
RT @BBCPolitics: Tory MP Chris Philp accuses Jeremy Corbyn of "shameless political opportunism" for calling vote of no confidence in Theres…
RT @BBCPolitics: "By any precedence loss of confidence and supply should mean they do the right thing and resign" Jeremy Corbyn opens deba…
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
RT @BBCPolitics: "The prime minister now must legislate for a #PeoplesVote" - SNP's @IanBlackfordMP says Theresa May has "no plan B" follow…
Hillsborough trial: Jury shown police view of stadium
RT @BBCPolitics: Conservative Ken Clarke urges PM to change course on #Brexit, saying only a plan that rules out no deal, extends Article 5…
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Jeremy Corbyn: "Every other previous PM faced with the scale of defeat last night... would have resigned" There…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Jeremy Corbyn calls on PM to rule out a no-deal #Brexit Theresa May says there are two ways of doing it - "agre…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour leader @jeremycorbyn accuses government of being "in a state of denial" over #Brexit, #BrexitVote, customs union an…
RT @BBCPolitics: David Cameron on #Brexit: "I don't regret calling the referendum" Former UK prime minister says he stands by his decision…
Massive spinning ice disk forms in US river
RT @BBCWorld: "Thoughts and prayers to all those who have lost loved ones" - UK PM Theresa May says UK stands in solidarity with people of…
RT @BBCPolitics: EU says “withdrawal agreement is not changing, backstop is not changing, 585-page treaty text: not a single page of it is…
RT @BBCRealityCheck: Following the defeat of Theresa May's #Brexit deal in the Commons, @BBCChrisMorris looks at whether Brussels ever give…
RT @BBCPolitics: David Cameron: "I don't regret calling the referendum" Former prime minister says he stands by his decision to hold the v…
RT @bbcweather: The winds will pick up today, making it feel even colder once the fronts move through. Jo
RT @BBCPolitics: EU Council President Donald Tusk hinted that cancelling #Brexit is "the only positive solution" - how has the rest of the…
RT @BBCPolitics: "She doesn't seem to have any clear idea of what the next steps are... she doesn't appear to be prepared to move her red l…
RT @BBCBusiness: Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
RT @BBCNewsNI: Brexit: Is Norway model back on the table? And what does it mean?
Andy Murray criticises LTA chiefs over failure to build on his success
Woman arrested in Rebecca Hall cold case murder inquiry
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon says another EU referendum 'only credible option'
RT @BBCNewsnight: The PM faces a vote of no confidence later today But what happens after that? David Grossman t…
Inflation falls to lowest level in nearly two years
RT @BBCNewsNI: Ireland would not block an extension of Article 50, but Simon Coveney says there needs to be a "plan"
RT @danroan: Richard Bowker steps down as Chairman of UK Athletics
RT @VictoriaLIVE: ‘It’s important to understand how volatile Parliament is at the moment.’ Labour Party chairman @IanLaveryMP believes the…
RT @BBCBusiness: The ultrasound scan you can do yourself #TheDisruptors [Tap to expand] For more on the future of technology and health: h…
RT @BBCPolitics: What is a no confidence motion? How does it work?
A British man has been killed in the Nairobi hotel attack, UK High Commissioner to Kenya confirms
RT @BBCBreakfast: "There's a disconnect between the voters and the Members of Parliament." @Jacob_Rees_Mogg tells #BBCBreakfast he doesn't…
RT @bbcweather: It's all change today as things start to get distinctly colder. Simon's short forecast sums things up.
RT @BBCkatyaadler: The morning after the night before.. What will the EU do now? My post vote #Brexit thoughts from Brussels
RT @bbclaurak: Missed the huge events last night, or trying to work out what on earth just happened? #brexitcast here to help out
RT @BBCMonitoring: #BrexitVote – the view from Europe (Thread)
RT @BBCr4today: Jeremy Corbyn will "get splinters in places he doesn't want" if he "sits on the fence" with regards to a #PeoplesVote says…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We thought she'd learned her lessons, but she's not" - Labour's @johnmcdonnellMP says it's "disappointing" that Theresa M…
RT @BBCBreakfast: "People don't expect us to win it but who can tell these days?" @johnmcdonnellMP tells #BBCBreakfast that Labour have los…
RT @BBCWiltshire: A man has been jailed for outraging public decency after he threw poppy wreaths from Swindon's Cenotaph
Australian Open: Roger Federer battles through against Dan Evans
RT @DannyShawBBC: Why Wales? New research separates out prison figures and finds the Welsh are more likely to be jailed than any other citi…
RT @BBCr4today: The UK asking to extend Brexit deadline would be a "reasonable request" which the EU should allow says Germany's Economic M…
RT @BBCBreaking: Armed attack at Nairobi hotel is now over, Kenya's president says, after sporadic gunfire continued overnight
RT @BBCBreakfast: "I think people are generally, sort of, unnerved and unsettled by what's happened" @NickyMorgan01 MP tells #BBCBreakfast…
RT @BBCNews: News Daily: PM faces confidence vote, and Kenya hotel attack
Nairobi hotel: 'Civilians trapped' as DusitD2 siege goes on
RT @BBCNews: Brexit vote: Donald Tusk suggests UK should stay in EU
RT @BBCNews: Brexit: Will the EU help after Theresa May's defeat?
News Daily: PM faces confidence vote, and Kenya hotel attack
Brexit: Will the EU help after Theresa May's defeat?
'I want to stand up for every woman experiencing abuse'
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk suggests UK should stay in EU
YouTube bans dangerous or harmful pranks
Kevin Mallory: The churchgoing patriot who spied for China
Bauhaus in pictures: The architects exiled by Nazis
Red Bull Tube poster banned over 'focus boost' claim
Ofsted inspections on 'quality of education' may aid schools in tough areas
Liver transplant 'game changing' treatment approved
Wales has 'highest imprisonment rate' in western Europe
Spanish city protests against 'too friendly' devil sculpture
Newspaper headlines: Theresa May's 'historic' Brexit vote defeat
Rihanna takes father to court in trademark dispute
Wednesday's Daily Express: "Dismay" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Wednesday's Mirror: "No deal.. No hope.. No clue.. No confidence " #bbcpapers…
Our #BrexitVote coverage continues with reaction & analysis
RT @BBCSport: Two goals in extra time put Newcastle through to the fourth round of the FA Cup after a 4-2 win over Blackburn. More:
RT @BBCSport: What a game! League One Shrewsbury came from two goals down to beat Championship Stoke and reach the FA Cup fourth round. M…
Wednesday's Daily Telegraph: "A complete humiliation" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Wednesday's Daily Mail: "Fighting For Her Life" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Grace Millane: Man denies murdering British backpacker
Should Family Guy 'phase out' gay jokes?
Kit Harington: 'Ed Sheeran told me to live in Suffolk'
RT @bbcweather: 👀We're keeping our eye on the European computer model, which is showing something rather interesting today... Matt has the…
Wednesday's i - "Historic humiliation" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Brexit: Can May find common cause in Parliament?
Wednesday's Guardian: "May suffers historic defeat as Tories turn against her" #bbcpapers…
Wednesday's Metro: "Worst Defeat Ever" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Wednesday's FT: "May's Brexit deal crushed by Commons" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Pregnant MP reignites proxy voting debate
RT @BBCSport: The English Football League is formally investigating Leeds United over the spying incident before their match against Derby…
El Chapo 'paid $100m bribe to former Mexican president Pena Nieto'
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May faces a vote of no confidence after a crushing defeat in MPs' #BrexitVote Here's @ChrisMasonBBC on an extraor…
RT @bbclaurak: A source on biz call with Chancellor and Business Sec says they were told govt cant renegotiate withdrawal agreement so have…
RT @adamfleming: Here’s 🎥 of @MichelBarnier giving us his reaction to tonight’s #Brexit vote
RT @BBCkatyaadler: Michel Barnier speaking to my colleague @adamfleming says: “Now it is time for the UK to tell us the next steps. On our…
McDonald's loses case against Irish rival
Upskirting to be crime after Lords back bill
RT @BBCPolitics: This is the moment MPs overwhelmingly rejected Theresa May's #Brexit deal, inflicting the biggest ever defeat on a British…
RT @BBCPolitics: "This is the beginning of the end of Brexit" - Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable reacts to government's #BrexitVote defeat, a…
RT @BBCPolitics: Former foreign secretary Boris Johnson says no-deal #Brexit should still be on the table, saying the risks are "grossly ex…
RT @BBCRealityCheck: How bad is Theresa May’s #BrexitVote defeat in historical terms?
RT @BBCBusiness: Pound recovers ground after 'meaningful' Brexit vote
RT @BBCPolitics: Boris Johnson: "This deal is dead" Former foreign secretary says #BrexitVote defeat gives Theresa May a "massive mandate…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We never wanted a change in government, we wanted a change in policy"- Sammy Wilson says DUP will back PM in Wednesday's…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May "can't carry on with this deal"- DUP's Sammy Wilson says PM will have to go back to the EU, making it clear he…
RT @BBCPolitics: Matt Hancock on #BrexitVote: "They clearly voted against the deal, but not against the prime minister" Health secretary…
RT @bbclaurak: ERG sources confirm they will back PM tomorrow, with DUP still on board, so the PM more or less guaranteed to be safe in the…
RT @BBCBreaking: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tables motion of no confidence in UK PM Theresa May's government after heavy defeat in MPs' #B…
Follow the latest reaction to Theresa May's #BrexitVote defeat
RT @BBCBreaking: "Every day that passes without this issue being resolved means more uncertainty, more bitterness and more rancour" - UK PM…
RT @BBCBreaking: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tables no confidence motion in Theresa May's government after #BrexitVote defeat
RT @BBCBreaking: UK PM Theresa May loses MPs’ #BrexitVote on her deal by 432 votes to 202 - the biggest government defeat since 1924 Lates…
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs begin delayed vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal #BrexitVote updates:
RT @BBCPolitics: #BrexitVote: MPs vote against Conservative John Baron's amendment by 600 votes to 24 Live updates:
RT @BBCBreaking: Follow our ongoing #BrexitVote coverage on a night of political drama in Westminster
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May closes #Brexit debate with a warning to MPs: "A vote against this deal is a vote for nothing more than uncerta…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May dismisses Jeremy Corbyn's call for a General Election, saying "today's vote is not about what's best for the l…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May closes MPs' #Brexit debate, saying they face "an historic decision that will set the future of our country for…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn: "The prime minister has treated #Brexit as a matter for the Conservative party, rather than for the good of…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's message to the EU during the #BrexitVote: "If Parliament votes down this deal, then reopenin…
Follow #brexitdebate developments
RT @BBCSteveR: Russian TV Channel 1 anchor just now on #Brexit: “Britain must choose between a bad option & a very bad option”; Russian TV…
RT @BBCRadio4: Exactly 12 months after Cranberries singer Dolores O'Riordan's death, her bandmates have opened up about their "painful year…
#BrexitVote: Playing the numbers game
RT @bbcweather: Your Wednesday weather planner is below 👇 - Mild morning commute - Chilly evening commute - Spell of heavy rain at some po…
RT @BBCWalesNews: 😳 Ooof, bit of a Brexit ding-dong
RT @BBCSport: It was a tough one, emotionally for former world number one Victoria Azarenka as she was knocked out of the Australian Open.…
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs finally vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal this evening - but they don't put a cross in a box 🗳️ @BBCLauraK explains…
Passionate protests outside Parliament ahead of #BrexitVote
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: Here’s our guide to what happens if Theresa May's Brexit deal is rejected tonight. The government will have just three…
RT @BBCSport: Tottenham striker Harry Kane will be out until early March after injuring ankle ligaments in Sunday's 1-0 defeat by Mancheste…
#Brexit: How would no deal affect UK citizens in the EU?
RT @BBCPolitics: "I vote for the temerity to regain mastery of our own destiny" - Former #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab gives his reasons…
#Brexit latest: I'm confused... what's happening?
Man jailed for throwing Swindon poppy wreaths in road
Leaving the EU: What do you want Parliament to do? #BrexitVote
Contact lens recycling scheme launched across UK
MSPs to hold inquiry over Alex Salmond row
RT @BBCSport: The English Football League are formally investigating Leeds United after head coach Marcelo Bielsa admitted sending a member…
Driverless car laser ruined camera
🐸❤️🐸 World's 'loneliest' frog gets a date
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: "I kept saying no. I felt powerless": People share their experiences of strangers taking control of their wheelchairs…
RT @BBCPolitics: Protesters gather outside Parliament as MPs hold final debate before the #BrexitVote [🔊 on, tap to expand]
Cern plans even larger hadron collider for physics search
Alfie Lamb death: Boy 'killed for being noisy'
RT @BBCPolitics: "It does not, it does not, it does not, it does not, how many times do I have to say it" - Attorney General Geoffrey Cox a…
RT @BBCPolitics: "What are you playing at? What are you doing? You are not children in the playground, you are legislators" Attorney Gene…
RT @BBCRealityCheck: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox tries to offer reassurances about the controversial #backstop in Theresa May's #brexitde…
Skripal Novichok poisoning police sergeant back at work
Blasts and gunfire around Nairobi hotel
RT @BBCPolitics: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox opens final day of #Brexit debate by appealing for pragmatism - calling the PM's deal "the n…
RT @BBCkatyaadler: The EU is in watch and wait mode but this is some of the thinking going on behind the scenes ahead of tonight’s vote in…
#BrexitVote live updates - including what amendments will be debated later
RT @BBCBreaking: Explosions and gunfire reported around hotel complex in Kenyan capital, Nairobi
Hello Dolly's Carol Channing dies aged 97
RT @BBCSport: Liverpool have suffered an injury blow with Trent Alexander-Arnold expected to be sidelined for at least a fortnight with a k…
RT @BBCPolitics: "It's a patriotic thing - a feeling of being independent" Is #Brexit as British as fish and chips? #politicslive went to…
#Gillette advert referencing #MeToo movement and toxic masculinity splits opinion online
RT @BBCPolitics: White House: 🍔🍟 Downing Street: 🍩🍩🍩 [tap to expand] #BrexitVote
Hillsborough trial: Jury sworn in
West Side Story: High school student cast as Maria in Spielberg remake
Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei denies firm poses spying risk
RT @BBCPolitics: "There is no need for the backstop... it is a nonsense to talk about a hard border" DUP leader Arlene Foster on why her…
RT @BBCPolitics: "The will of the people has not been delivered" @DUPonline's Sammy Wilson says he'll reject the #Brexit deal because it "…
RT @BBCPolitics: "#Brexit has been an absolute disaster from day one" @KirstySNP says the PM has reached a deal on something people "don't…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We're being asked to endorse a blind #Brexit" Shadow Brexit Secretary @Keir_Starmer says Labour can't back the PM's deal…
RT @BBCPolitics: "As somebody who voted to leave the EU I don't want to gamble with the outcome" Conservative minister @kitmalthouse on w…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We can make better decisions for ourselves than other people can make for us" Conservative @Jacob_Rees_Mogg explains wh…
M&S names next 17 stores it wants to close
RT @BBCRealityCheck: Do you own an older #diesel car? Wondering what to do about the low emission rules that are on the way?
Petr Cech: Arsenal keeper to retire at the end of the season
RT @BBCSport: 🏆 5x FA Cup 🏆 4x Premier League 🏆 3x League Cup 🏆 1x Champions League 🏆 1x Europa League What a career it has been for Petr…
Rebecca Henderson: Transplant hope for woman who carries artificial heart in rucksack
RT @BBCPolitics: "Brexit is a complete cluster shambles" Lib Dem @LaylaMoran on why she wants a "democratic exit from #Brexit" in the for…
Breast cancer risk test 'game changer'
German economic growth slowest for five years
#BrexitVote: Confused about what's happening? Hopefully this might help
"Laura is an example to all of us with her positivity" After being diagnosed with cancer, student Laura Nuttall ma…
Ishy Din: Driving a taxi made me a better playwright
Reality Check: What should owners of old diesels do?
Gillette faces backlash and boycott over '#MeToo advert'
RT @BBCScienceNews: Breast cancer risk test 'game changer'
RT @BBCSport: Andy Murray will make a decision on potentially career-extending hip surgery in a "week or two". More here:
Jose Mourinho, Fabio Capello and Andre Villas-Boas: How Largs shaped them
RT @BBCWorld: Welcome to McDonald Trump's 🍟 The US president served fast food to American football team the Clemson Tigers when they visi…
China's Moon mission sees first seeds sprout
RT @BBCSport: 'His achievements will rightly put him up there in Huddersfield Town history.' Huddersfield Town are on the hunt for a new m…
Australian Open 2019: Johanna Konta through after beating Ajla Tomljanovic
Letter from Africa: Despair, anger and anxiety in Zimbabwe's fuel queues
#BrexitVote live updates The latest from Westminster, Brussels and elsewhere
RT @BBCMaryam: Some Chinese workers may get a 2.5 day weekend to encourage more spending and stimulate the local economy. Wld a longer week…
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Danny Dyer on his new history show: "A lot of people might be bored of that boring history formula, and I think it's a dif…
Boohoo remains in fashion as sales surge
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West expecting fourth child
Manchester City: Pep Guardiola tells players to 'forget about Liverpool's calendar'
RT @BBCPolitics: Tonight MPs will finally have their say on Theresa May's #Brexit deal We asked key figures from the debate how they plan…
Manchester City 3-0 Wolves: Gabriel Jesus scores twice as City narrow gap on Liverpool
News Daily: Brexit deal deadline and police force 'failings'
Rahaf Mohammed: Saudi teen says fleeing 'worth the risk'
Trump orders '300 burgers' to White House amid shutdown
Crossrail delay: Maps being included in 2019 diaries
Kumbh Mela: Millions of Indians begin holy dip
Man arrested after woman dies in Brixton hit-and-run
Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
Canadian's death sentence in China 'horrific', family says
Tulse Hill station: Man brandishing 'massive machete' arrested
The Melbourne bakeries that tell a story of Jewish migration
The former homeless man bringing web access to the Bronx
West Midlands Police fail to record 16,600 violent crimes
Judge extends block on Trump birth control rules across US
Zimbabwe protests after petrol and diesel price hike
What is the right age to lose your virginity?
Chechnya LGBT: Dozens 'detained in new gay purge'
How does Brexit affect the pound?
Rich students save by paying fees up front
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'D-Day' provokes strong stances
The multiple meanings of the vote
Tuesday's Express: "Don't Lose Our Trust For Ever" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Tuesday's i - "PM braced for crushing defeat" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Tuesday's Mirror: "Plan B" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Meghan and Harry 'don't know' sex of the royal baby
Tuesday's Times: "May braced for historic defeat on Brexit D-Day" #bbcpapers…
Tuesday's Guardian: "May facing crushing defeat in Brexit vote" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Tuesday's Mail: "Time To Put Your Country First" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Tuesday's Telegraph: "Out of allies, out of time" #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
RT @BBCSport: Full time: Manchester City 3-0 Wolves. Two for Gabriel Jesus and an own goal from Coady give #MCFC a comfortable three poin…
RT @bbcweather: Temperatures will go on a roller coaster this week. Up and down before they take a tumble from Wed night and we find ourse…
RT @BBCSport: "My quality of life would be better." Andy Murray has spoken on his next move... Read:
RT @BBCPolitics: “A vow of silence now from the EU” @adamfleming tells @Jo_Coburn about any news expected from Brussels ahead of Westminste…
Police quiz dad after baby fed hot sauce
RT @BBCSport: We're underway between Manchester City and Wolves. Just a reminder of the task ahead of the visitors tonight. Live:
RT @BBCSport: Ex-Team Sky and British Cycling doctor Richard Freeman will face a charge of ordering testosterone to enhance the performance…
£1m diamond ring seized in Harrods shopping probe
A study with 3,000 primary school children will see if new initiatives to reduce air pollution can provide health b…
Mary Queen of Scots director Josie Rourke defends menstrual blood scene
RT @BBCSport: David Wagner has left Huddersfield Town as manager by mutual consent with the club bottom of the Premier League. More:
RT @BBCSport: Andy Murray has a dilemma for his future in tennis – he says he has “two options.”
RT @BBCBreakfast: It seems Chris (the) rhea didn't make it home for Christmas. He's been on the run for weeks but the cops can't catch him…
RT @BBCSport: "It's not interesting today!" 🤷‍♂️ There's nowhere to hide if you fall asleep in a Rafa Nadal press conference 😂
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe: Iran 'tried to get jailed mum to spy on UK'
RT @BBCWorld: 🎶 I hear the drums echoing tonight 🎶 🎶 I hear the drums echoing tonight 🎶 🎶 I hear the drums echoing tonight 🎶 🎶 I hear the d…
RT @danroan: Ex British Cycling & Team Sky medic Dr Richard Freeman facing explosive allegation that he ordered testosterone “to administer…
RT @BBCPolitics: Plaid Cymru's Liz Saville Roberts questions Theresa May's "personal track record on referendums", after the PM compared th…
Manchester Pride: Does the rainbow flag need black and brown stripes?
RT @BBCPolitics: It must now be clear the PM has "completely and utterly failed" to secure legal assurances from the EU on the backstop - J…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Jeremy Corbyn says Theresa May is facing "a humiliating defeat" on #Brexit because she has negotiated a deal with…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn attacks "incompetence" of Theresa May's government, saying if she loses #Brexit vote tomorrow, "it's time fo…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Give this deal a second look" - UK PM Theresa May urges MPs to reconsider her #Brexit plans to leave the European Union…
These Llanelli residents may be best mates, but they’re on opposite sides when it comes to Europe How does the Le…
'Afghan Justin Trudeau' finds fame on TV talent show
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May warns that blocking #Brexit would be a "subversion of our democracy" - while leaving the EU without a deal wou…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Rejecting the backstop altogether means no deal... any withdrawal agreement will contain a backstop, that is not going to…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May says the Irish backstop is a "last resort" - but despite MPs' concerns the EU would not give the UK the right…
Possible amendments to PM's #Brexit deal
RT @BBCSport: That was convincing. Seven-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan has eased past Stuart Bingham and into the Masters quarter-finals…
RT @BBCPolitics: "She should not have to choose between going through the division lobby in a wheelchair, nine months pregnant... or losing…
What will Andy Murray be worth in retirement?
RT @bbcworldservice: One man's story of life after religious isolation in an ultra-Orthodox Jewish community.
RT @BBCPolitics: DUP's Sammy Wilson: It would be "very foolish" to take "totally meaningless" #Brexit letters from the EU as assurance ther…
RT @bbcworldservice: Are you an aspiring journalist who speaks more than one language? We are offering the opportunity to train as a journa…
Marcus Rashford: How does the Man Utd striker compare to some of the game's best forwards?
Homeless family 'can't use £500,000 trust fund'
More than fifty men arrested in West Yorkshire over child sex abuse
Andy Murray: Did we all just retire the Briton too soon?
RT @BBCSport: Andy Murray is out of the #AUSOPEN But what a way go...
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Tulip Siddiq 'delays baby's birth for #Brexit vote'
RT @BBCPolitics: "It's clear it's going to be voted down, it's a bad deal" Former #Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab says it's time for a "pos…
RT @bbcweather: Could snow be on the horizon? Our weather for the week ahead:
Iran cargo plane crash 'leaves 15 dead'
Lloyds' overdraft fees unacceptable, says MP
RT @BBCPolitics: “What we have is an establishment ganging up, frantic, to stop no deal, because no deal does mean leaving” Tory MP @OwenPa…
RT @BBCPolitics: "I cannot, in all conscience, support the government's position when it is clear this deal would be detrimental to our nat…
RT @BBCPolitics: "This is as good as we are going to get from the EU in terms of the reassurance and the clarification they are going to of…
Conservative MP Gareth Johnson resigns as a Government whip to oppose PM's #Brexit deal Latest developments:…
RT @BBCSport: Has the Australian Open prematurely retired Andy Murray? The three-time Grand Slam champion has given some new hope.
RT @BBCSport: There are reports the new White Hart Lane stadium will NOT be completely finished this season. It's the gossip:
RT @BBCWorld: Turkey dismisses Trump threat to economy over Syrian Kurds
RT @BBCSport: 'Maybe I'll see you again' Andy Murray has given #Ausopen tennis fans hope he hasn't just said farewell. More here:
RT @BBCPolitics: Could a no-deal #Brexit create a loo roll logjam? 🚽 #politicslive has flushed out the facts [tap to expand]
Next step: change the law on conkers
Andy Murray loses possible farewell match at Australian Open to Roberto Bautista Agut
RT @BBCWorld: What’s it like to have millions of fans when you’re 10? 🤔 What’s it like to have thousands of people insult or adore you? 💔…
Martin O'Neill: Nottingham Forest to appoint club legend as manager
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May says the EU rejected her attempt to add a legal time limit to the backstop as part of her #Brexit deal, but ga…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May says if her #Brexit deal is defeated, "paralysis in parliament... risks there being no Brexit"
RT @BBCSport: Nottingham Forest are set to appoint club legend Martin O'Neill as their manager.
RT @bbctennis: ⚡️ “Andy Murray is in another #AusOpen thriller”
RT @BBCPolitics: "We've never had a referendum in the United Kingdom that we've not honoured the result of" Theresa May urges MPs to deliv…
RT @bbctennis: We're going to another tie-break. Andy Murray holds to love and it's a tie-break for the second successive set. Listen LIV…
RT @bbctennis: The fourth set is going with serve so far. Andy Murray will keep battling. Listen LIVE: #AusOpen…
Live #Brexit updates:
When it comes to healthy eating, getting your portion size right is important 🍴 A new guide aims to make that a lo…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: "I want to live with my mum. We're peas in a pod" Courtney Boden was awarded £500k after being left with severe disabili…
It has been more than 1,000 days since Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained at an Iranian airport while travellin…
RT @bbctennis: Bautista Agut holds off an Andy Murray charge to take this set to 5-5. Murray with the serve. Listen live 📻📱💻
RT @bbctennis: Andy Murray saves a break point and serves out to go 5-4 up in the third set. He's not going quietly! Listen LIVE 📻📱💻
Pep Guardiola on Kevin de Bruyne: 'If he has a problem, he knows where I am'
RT @bbctennis: Roberto Bautista Agut goes into a two-set lead 6-4 6-4. Could this be the last set Andy Murray plays in professional tennis…
#Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams?
Super Bowl: Maroon 5, Big Boi and Travis Scott to perform
RT @bbctennis: Roberto Bautista Agut breaks. Andy Murray has had his moments in this match, but the Spaniard is making his count. #AusOpe…
Instagram egg: Kylie Jenner's most-liked record beaten
It's a crunch week for #Brexit Live updates from Westminster
Malala Yousafzai: What does a Nobel Peace Prize winner do for fun? [Tap to expand]
RT @bbctennis: Roberto Bautista Agut takes the first set. The Spaniard breaks Murray to go 5-4 up and serves out for the set. Listen live…
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Zoe Ball kicked off her @BBCRadio2 breakfast show with Respect by Aretha Franklin - "It had to be a dame on this occasion"…
RT @BBCMaryam: Cathay Pacific has sold first class tickets at economy prices AGAIN! The mistake means a bargain for some lucky travellers.…
Four things to know this week: A big Brexit week, and the world's biggest gathering
Trump threatens to 'devastate' Turkish economy over Syrian Kurds
'It is possible to be Muslim and a lesbian'
Has Trump turned his back on Europe?
Toby Nye: Leeds United pay tribute after sick boy dies
RT @BBCSport: The farewell begins. Andy Murray is stepping onto court at the #AusOpen. You'll be able to listen live on @5liveSport Extr…
RT @bbctennis: Kyle Edmund goes out of the #AusOpen in straight sets. Tomas Berdych takes victory 6-3 6-0 7-5. Up next on court, Andy Mur…
Australian Open 2019: Dan Evans through to second round
Zoe Ball kicks off new BBC Radio 2 breakfast show
David de Gea could be Man Utd's best-ever keeper, says Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
News Daily: PM's 'no Brexit' warning and Clean Air Strategy
Cathay Pacific sells first class tickets at economy rates again
Rome city council and Church row over coins from Trevi fountain
Wife of ex-Nissan boss urges action on 'harsh' detention
Man charged over boy's hit-and-run death in Beswick
Lion Air crash: 'Black box' voice recorder found
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe: Iranian-Briton to go on hunger strike
Gambling addict who lost £70,000 calls for more support for women
Australian Open 2019: Heather Watson & Harriet Dart lose in first round
Kumbh Mela: How to plan the world's biggest gathering
Government promises 'bold new goal' to tackle dirty air
Mother dies and baby hurt in Penge collision
Hitachi to decide on fate of UK nuclear plant
Royal Mint marks 50 years of the 50p
US shutdown: Trump urged to temporarily reopen government
Newspaper headlines: PM's last-ditch Brexit plea to MPs
Brothers of Marcus Rashford and Trent Alexander-Arnold robbed in cafe
Brexit: What's next if MPs reject May's deal?
Mourne Mountains: Two walkers die in separate falls
BDO World Championships: Glen Durrant beats Scott Waites in final
Harry Kane: Ankle injury would be 'massive' for Tottenham says Pochettino
International Quad Series: England beat New Zealand 54-41 in opening game
Family had to sit on floor of TUI plane
Tottenham 0-1 Manchester United: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's men hang on to beat Spurs
European Rugby Champions Cup: Lyon 10-28 Saracens
Masters 2019: Mark Allen knocked out by Luca Brecel in round one
Everton 2-0 Bournemouth: Two second-half goals lift Toffees into top half
Elise Christie wins European 1000m bronze a day after claiming short track skating silver
James Watson: Scientist loses titles after claims over race
Manchester United Women match with Charlton abandoned after Charlotte Kerr injury
European Rugby Champions Cup: Exeter Chiefs beat Castres to keep hopes alive
Khashoggi murder: Pompeo to seek update in Riyadh
John Higgins inspired by Andy Murray to prolong snooker career
Guardian switches to potato starch wrapping
Robbie Williams 'torments' Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page in home row
Simon Zebo: Racing star says crowd comments directed at him during Ulster game 'not on'
Hen Galan: Welsh village celebrates New Year on 13 January
Sturgeon refers herself over Salmond case
Kansas City Chiefs and LA Rams close in on Super Bowl place
RT @BBCBreaking: Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refers herself to standards panel over handling of Alex Salmond allegations
Mayor of Cambridge dies during scuba-diving holiday
Jamie Jones says suspension was 'horrendous' after being cleared of match-fixing
The Italians asked to apply to stay in post-Brexit UK
Escaped rhea set to stay at Evesham Golf Club
Driver leaves toddler in crashed car in Long Eaton
RT @BBCPolitics: On #PeoplesVote: If you don’t get a general election, do you then go for a People's Vote? I would rather get a negotiated…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr: Is there a Plan B if Theresa May's deal is voted down? #Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay says the government is co…
Cesare Battisti: Italian ex-militant arrested in Bolivia
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: Parliament will take control to stop a no-deal Brexit says Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable #marr:
Alps snow: Avalanche kills three skiers near Lech, Austria
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn says Labour will do "everything we can to stop" a "catastrophic" no-deal #Brexit #M…
RT @BBCPolitics: Would Labour back extending Article 50? Jeremy Corbyn: “There would have to be a time for those [EU] negotiations” #mar…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr: You are campaigning to Leave the EU? Jeremy Corbyn: We are campaigning to bring the country together Read more: h…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn: "We will table a motion of no-confidence in the government at a time of our choosing" but it's going to be…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr: Were you misleading the public when you said PM’s vote would 100% go ahead? #Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay: Tha…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: "Absolutely outrageous and unforgivable" if no-deal Brexit happens says Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable #marr htt…
Trump denies hiding detail of Putin summit talks from staff
Masters 2019: Judd Trump & Kyren Wilson's growing rivalry takes centre stage
Phil Masinga: Ex-Leeds and South Africa striker dies aged 49
Andy Murray: Roger Federer & Novak Djokovic pay tribute to Briton
Chinese coal mine roof collapse in Shaanxi kills 21
Brexit: 'Basic questions unanswered' on Swiss trade deal
Syria conflict: Pompeo 'optimistic' on deal to protect Kurds
Brexit: PM warns of 'catastrophic breach of trust'
Public 'turning blind eye' to street drug dealing
Scotland's prisons 'bursting at seams' as many over capacity
Chelsea 2-1 Newcastle United: Pedro and Willian goals give hosts victory
Gambling addiction: Flaws exposed in online self-exclusion scheme
Airlander 10: World's longest aircraft grounded
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'coup', and talk of Tory split
Tony Khan: Fulham vice-chairman promises investment but argues with fan on Twitter
Man held after boy, 11, dies in Manchester hit-and-run
Gilets Jaunes stage ninth round of protests in France
BDO World Championships: Mikuru Suzuki beats England's Lorraine Winstanley
European Champions Cup: Toulon 17-28 Edinburgh - Richard Cockerill's side close on quarter-finals
Prison sentences: Charities and probation staff union welcome proposals
Anti-austerity and pro-#Brexit protesters are battling over the mantle of the French "yellow vests"
Brit Awards: Anne-Marie, Dua Lipa, Jorja Smith and George Ezra lead nominations
Who are the real UK yellow vest protesters?
RT @BBCPolitics: On #marr this week: Leader of the Labour Party @jeremycorbyn plus @SteveBarclay @vincecable @paulmasonnews, @janem & Kati…
Brighton & Hove Albion 0-1 Liverpool: Mo Salah scores winner from spot
RT @BBCPolitics: On #marr this week: Labour leader @jeremycorbyn Brexit Secretary @SteveBarclay Lib Dem leader @vincecable On the news…
Brexit: British people have a right to vote on PM's deal, says Lord Hattersley
Rahaf al-Qunun: Saudi teen refugee arrives in Canada
Charley Hull wins Ladies European Tour event in Abu Dhabi
West Ham United 1-0 Arsenal: Declan Rice scores winner
Dakar Rally: Sam Sunderland wins stage after helping hurt rival Paulo Goncalves
Spektr-R: Russia's only space telescope 'not responding'
Brixton Hill 'hit-and-run' crash victim dies
Terence Crawford v Amir Khan: Briton agrees shot at WBO world welterweight champion
Norwich children's birthday party disrupted by knife-wielding raiders
Protester James Goddard arrested in connection with incidents outside Parliament on Monday
Protester held over Parliament incidents
RT @BBCBreaking: French officials now say two people were killed in the suspected gas explosion in central Paris
Greggs: How its vegan sausage roll stormed social media
RT @BBCBreaking: Four people killed in central Paris after an explosion from a suspected gas leak caused a huge fire at a bakery
Cesc Fabregas: 'A pioneer, not just an assist machine for Arsenal and Chelsea'
Trump-Russia: FBI probed whether Trump was working for Moscow - NYT
Andy Murray retirement: Rafael Nadal says former world number one is 'suffering'
Marcelo Bielsa 'spy' revelation: Leeds United boss 'reminded of club's integrity and honesty'
Australia v India: Rohit Sharma century in vain as Australia win opening ODI
Concerns Norwich house is operating as 'restaurant'
Powerful blast shakes street in centre of Paris
Cameron Norrie beaten by Tennys Sandgren in ATP final in Auckland
Bridgend Ford: Electric cars idea to keep plant jobs
Serena Guthrie column: England Quad Series win can set tone for World Cup
Sharm el-Sheikh: UK should end flight ban - Egyptian ambassador
Cash-strapped councils look for tourist tax powers
Andy Murray can reflect on 'incredible career', says former team-mate Tim Henman
Blocking Brexit could cause far right surge - Grayling
US partial government shutdown becomes longest on record
German WW1 submarine emerges off French coast
Ministers consider ending jail terms of six months or less
Modernist ruin is an 'albatross around our neck' says church
Premier League predictions: Lawro v The Greatest Dancer captain Oti Mabuse
Andy Murray: Why I say he's Britain's greatest sportsman
Clinical waste 'backlog' pictured at North Lanarkshire health centres
'Missing' sailor Robin Davie sends radio message
US driver in 'Bird Box blindfold' crashes in Utah
Andy Murray: The moment former British number one knew the game was up
Man charged over online 'pick up' videos
YouGov survey: British sarcasm 'lost on Americans'
RT @BBCNewsnight: “The best thing that will help everybody in this country… is a universal credit that really works well.” Amber Rudd ackn…
RT @BBCNewsnight: “I am committed to making sure that we deliver on the referendum result and I believe the withdrawal agreement is the bes…
RT @BBCWorld: "I don't need a wall, I want money to plant crops" One farmer on how the US government shutdown is hurting his business […
RT @BBCBusiness: Greggs: How its vegan sausage roll stormed social media
Saturday's Daily Telegraph "End of jail sentences under six months" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday's Daily Express "War on sale of treats" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday's Daily Star "A nice little earner" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday's Daily Mirror "Praying for a miracle" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday's i Weekend "Brexit delay likely - even if PM wins Tuesday vote" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday's Daily Mail "Minister: Wrecking Brexit will let in the far right" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday's Times "Britain may never leave EU, warn Tory donors" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
RT @BBCSport: Age? It's just a number. Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new contract at Yokohama FC, at the age of 51! More:
RT @BBCWorld: US shutdown: Thousands of federal employees miss payday
Saturday's Financial Times "Hitachi to ditch Wales nuclear site" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Plaid Cymru assembly member Steffan Lewis dies aged 34
RT @BBCSport: "I'm here to help the team, I'm looking forward to starting. I am very excited." Cesc Fabregas has left Chelsea for a new ch…
RT @BBCSport: How can anyone accuse Andy Murray of being boring?!
Royal Marsden's leading cancer expert Martin Gore dies
Obituary: Plaid Cymru AM Steffan Lewis
Criticism over Ringwood Megahome property competition
RT @BBCSport: The greatest moment of Andy Murray's career? Got to be up there.
BBC presenter Dianne Oxberry dies aged 51
Hippo sculpture stolen from Chilstone ornament makers
Chinese Peppa Pig fans wish to meet Queen
RT @BBCSport: "I want to get to Wimbledon and stop but I'm not certain I can do that." An emotional Andy Murray has revealed the Australia…
The Unite union called it "grim news"
RT @bbcweather: Sudden Stratospheric Warming brought a deep freeze to the UK last year. Will the same thing happen this winter?
RT @BBCSport: Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas has joined Ligue 1 side Monaco. More:
RT @BBCSport: Derby County are in discussions with club officials from Leeds over a training ground 'spy.' More:
RT @bbcweather: Your weekend weather planner ... - Mild - Increasingly windy ...#gales in N+E on Sunday - Often cloudy MT
Louise Redknapp pulls out of musical after fall
Prep: The battle to access 'game-changing' HIV drug
RT @BBCDomC: This man is Daniel Kaye - and today he became the most significant British cyber criminal to be jailed:
Speeding M62 driver told police he wanted a kebab
Briton who knocked Liberia offline with cyber attack jailed
Andy Murray: Women praise tennis star for role in fighting sexism
Cuba bus 'carrying foreign tourists' crashes killing seven
RT @BBCSport: Derby County and Leeds are in discussions after a person "acting suspiciously" outside the Rams' training ground on Thursday…
- It's cheap 🍞 - It's widely available 🍎 - It helps keep weight and cholesterol down 🥕 And this is how you can get…
Wet wipes: New standard to tackle blocked sewers
Andy Murray: How tennis star helped create golden period for British sport
RT @BBCBusiness: Wet wipe worries solved by new 'fine to flush' logo
Universal credit shake-up announced by Amber Rudd
Delay #Brexit if deal is rejected, Dominic Grieve tells Theresa May
Chang'e-4: First panoramic images from China moon lander
Nick Vallelonga: Green Book writer sorry for Muslim 9/11 tweet
RT @BBCPolitics: Delay #Brexit if deal is rejected, Dominic Grieve tells Theresa May
RT @BBCPolitics: "Dangerous and inflammatory talk about civil unrest and riots and treachery if we vote down this deal and have a people's…
RT @BBCSport: A magic Murray memory. The moment he won Wimbledon. Watch: #Murray
RT @BBCSport: Good news for Liverpool fans? Bayern Munich forward Thomas Muller is set to miss both legs of their Champions League last-16…
Ella Kissi-Debrah 'pollution' death: Backing for new inquest
RT @BBCPolitics: ⬆️ Brexit ⬆️ Social media ⬇️ Recession ⬇️ Afghanistan The words falling in and out of fashion with MPs
Andy Murray, aged 14, talking about Wimbledon Love all 🎾
RT @BBCPolitics: Government will start paying rent directly to private landlords to help tenants on universal credit stay in their homes, s…
Stan & Ollie: The story of Laurel and Hardy's final tour
Andy Murray: Billie Jean King leads tributes to Briton who plans to retire this year
The strange normality of life in a breakaway state
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Do you have more than two children? Will the changes to #UniversalCredit help you or not? 📧Email us via haveyoursa…
Single mums win universal credit challenge
RT @BBCBreaking: Four working single mothers win High Court challenge over their universal credit payments
The latest #Brexit thoughts from Brussels via @BBCkatyaadler A thread 👇
Arsenal v Man Utd FA Cup fourth-round tie live on BBC One
What is Germany planning in case of a no-deal #Brexit?
’Ignorant and offensive!' The subtext of subtitles
UK economic growth hits six-month low
Surviving R Kelly documentary: Daughter calls him a 'monster'
Two men killed in Spanish mountains plane crash
RT @BBCBusiness: UK economic growth hits six-month low
RT @BBCPolitics: Fiona Bruce has been praised on social media for her first @bbcquestiontime (no prizes for guessing which topic dominated…
Are Andrew Lansley's NHS reforms being binned?
Quiz of the Week: What was Olivia’s opening line?
Aitor Karanka: Nottingham Forest manager leaves Championship club
Zoe Ball: I'm such a different person to my Radio 1 days
RT @BBCNewsEnts: "That's lit... mum I made it!" 🎉🥂 @OctavianEssie is the winner of the BBC #SoundOf2019. The 23-year old Southeast Londoner…
The lifesaving food 90% aren’t eating enough of
RT @BBCSport: It’s been an emotional morning for tennis fans. Andy Murray’s news conference in full👇
RT @BBCSport: Aitor Karanka has left Nottingham Forest after asking 'to be released from his contract'. More to follow #NFFC
Octavian: The rapper who went from homelessness to winning the BBC Music Sound of 2019
Craig McLachlan: Actor charged with assault and sex offences
A tearful Andy Murray reveals that next week's Australian Open could be his last tournament before injury forces hi…
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Will Man Utd interim manager pass Tottenham test?
Flybe rescued by Virgin and Stobart
RT @BBCSport: First British man to win more than one Wimbledon title since 1936✅ First British man to reach world number one since 1973✅ Fi…
Missing presumed dead: New law urgently needed, say families
BBC presenter Dianne Oxberry dies aged 51
Jayme Closs: Missing 13-year-old found months after parents' murder
News Daily: Universal credit U-turn and Murray 'may quit very soon'
Python covered with over 500 ticks rescued in Australia
Brexit: MPs continue EU withdrawal deal debate
RT @bbcdavideades: Andy Murray suggests retirement after Wimbledon this year - if he can even get there. How would you rate his achievement…
Asylum applications: Home Office urged to use lie detectors
Kevin Fret: Gay rapper shot dead in Puerto Rico aged 24
BDO World Youth Championship: Leighton Bennett, 13, becomes youngest winner
Cristiano Ronaldo: Las Vegas police request DNA sample following rape allegations
'Worsening' funding problems for schools
Octavian wins the BBC Sound of 2019
Newspaper headlines: May's Brexit 'phone plea' to union bosses
RT @BBCSport: A great gesture from Andy Murray. The three-time Grand Slam champion has offered a fan a free ticket after apologising for h…
RT @BBCSport: This weekend's skeleton events at the IBSF World Cup and European Championships have been cancelled... because of snow. More…
Friday's Daily Express "Finally! Someone tells it as it is" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday's Times "May calls on union chiefs in bid to save Brexit deal" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Friday's Guardian "Blow to the low-carb diet as WHO report says fibre cuts early deaths" #tomorrowspaperstoday…
RT @BBCWorld: Heavy snow hits parts of Europe [Tap to expand]
Friday's Daily Mail "PM orders speedboat killer: give yourself up" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Universal credit: Two-child benefit cap to be relaxed
RT @BBCWorld: Woman struck by car in County Donegal dies
Friday's Daily Telegraph "Trans row as men get access to women's NHS wards" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
What could change the dynamics of #Brexit vote?
Friday's Metro "May in Brexit phone plea to unions" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
RT @BBCSport: Police in Las Vegas have issued a warrant for a DNA sample from Cristiano Ronaldo as part of their investigation into the rap…
RT @BBCWorld: Signals from space 🌌🔭 What are they and where do they come from?
RT @danroan: Breaking: Lawyer of Cristiano Ronaldo tells us it is “not surprising” after reports that Las Vegas police have issued a warran…
Aaron Ramsey: Juventus leading race to sign Arsenal and Wales midfielder
RT @BBCWorld: Trump: Mexico will still pay for wall through trade deal
Jail for smuggler caught with eggs strapped to chest
RT @BBCPolitics: "European nations will say... why is it that Britain has this bowl of glistening cherries?" Environment Secretary @Michae…
RT @bbc5live: Richard Mason discovered he wasn’t the biological father of his three sons, after a cystic fibrosis diagnosis revealed he’d b…
RT @BBCSport: In almost any other year, Liverpool would be nailed on to win the Premier League. But the stats suggest this could be the mo…
Ashley votes to remove Debenhams bosses from board
RT @bbcweather: Here's a quick snapshot of how tomorrow's looking. Largely dry and mild. There will be a lot of cloud for many but some bri…
JLR workers 'tense' after 4,500 job cuts announced
#Brexit: EU in 'keep calm and carry on' mood
Question Time: Fiona Bruce set to host her first episode
RT @BBCPolitics: #BREXITCAST IS BACK 🎧 @BBCSounds | @bbc5live
All UK airports to have 'military-grade' protection kit after drone disruption
#Brexit: Japan's PM says 'wish of whole world' to avoid no-deal
Hungry children 'eating from school bins' in Morecambe
RT @BBCPolitics: PM Theresa May says she was "surprised" Commons Speaker John Bercow allowed yesterday's vote on amending #Brexit legislati…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We truly hope that a no-deal #Brexit will be avoided. In fact that is the wish of the whole world" - Japan's PM Shinzo Ab…
RT @BBCRadioWales: 🎖️ This World War Two veteran received the most amazing 100th birthday present... ❤️ #WW2 #GoodMorningWales #GMW
RT @BBCWorld: Yellow vests knock out 60% of all speed cameras in France
RT @BBCBreaking: Family of London teenager Jayden Moodie say he was not linked to gangs and was "murdered in cold blood"
RT @BBCWorld: Home education: Court rules against German Christian family
Model defends 'harmless' role at agricultural show
.@BiancaW_tkd dreams of inspiring 100,000 girls to take up martial arts
RT @BBCWorld: Harvey Weinstein case: What next after criminal charges filed
Anak Krakatau: Finnish radar satellite eyes tsunami volcano
Campaigners bid to raise awareness of youth suicide
RT @BBCWorld: Venlo WW2 explosive: Don't lie down on bombs, Dutch warned
RT @BBCWorld: US to expel every last Iranian boot from Syria - Pompeo
RT @BBCWorld: Term time holiday ban for Isle of Man school
RT @BBCWorldatOne: “I think if the Government had been more effective in reaching out to the Labour Party, which it should have been earlie…
RT @bbcworldservice: Should you only give healthy food to a food bank? Why sweets and treats are often welcomed htt…
Bridal shop's wheelchair window display praised 👰
Paddy Ashdown's funeral held in Somerset
RT @BBCBusiness: Christmas on the High Street: Retail winners and losers
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Nicola Sturgeon denies conspiring against Alex Salmond
RT @BBCWorld: The school using giant book murals to encourage reading
Jaguar Land Rover confirms 4,500 job cuts
Are the days of the private car really over?
Gravesend nightclub attacker given 28-year sentence
#climatechange: Will feeding dogs insects instead of meat help? 🐶
RT @DannyShawBBC: Met Police say a 14-year-old girl has suffered "life-changing injuries" after being slashed across the face outside a cor…
Our chatbot answers the top five Brexit questions
Stacey Dooley to front BBC make-up artist talent show
Teenage girl detained for life over Holytown party murder
Refunds after 'spectacularly bad' panto at Chippenham venue
RT @BBCBusiness: Jaguar Land Rover confirms 4,500 job cuts
RT @BBCSport: Law enforcement officials in Spain have arrested 28 professional tennis players in an investigation into match-fixing.
Was this woman wrongly convicted of murder?
RT @BBCPolitics: "Theresa May - if you're so confident in your deal, call the election" Jeremy Corbyn demands a General Election to "break…
Christmas on the High Street: Retail winners and losers
RT @BBCNewsEnts: "I have not felt this nervous in a long time," says Fiona Bruce as she gears up to host her first @bbcquestiontime
Meghan made patron of National Theatre as well as three other organisations
RT @BBCWorld: Just minutes to spare and nowhere to land... so the pilot pulled off this "spectacular" manoeuvre to rescue skiers on the Fre…
Leyton stabbing: Jayden Moodie in London 'for new start'
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn demands election to 'break deadlock'
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn says Labour's #Brexit policy would be to "negotiate urgently with the EU... but clearly a General Election m…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn says Labour will table a motion of no confidence in the government "at the moment we judge it to have the be…
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Lady Gaga says she will remove her R Kelly duet, Do What U Want, from streaming services. "I'm sorry, both my for my poor…
RT @BBCPolitics: Securing a General Election "is a priority", says Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, but if one can't be secured they'll "keep a…
RT @BBCPolitics: "If you're so confident in your deal, call the election and let the people decide" Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn challenges…
Lady Gaga breaks her silence on R Kelly
RT @BBCPolitics: Tory MP Craig Mackinlay criticises "confused and sketchy" rules on campaign spending in first Commons speech after he was…
Andreas Seidl: McLaren appoint German as new boss of Formula 1 team
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Gwyneth Paltrow and new husband Brad Falchuk took all their children — and her ex Chris Martin — on their "modern hone…
RT @DannyShawBBC: Sir Stephen House, Met Deputy Commissioner, says 3 cases sent to Crown Prosecution Service over protests outside Houses o…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: Kate Johnston takes 17 medications a day. She claims “stockpiling” over no deal Brexit fears means one of them is alread…
Who is Stonehaven's 'secret sculptor'?
RT @BBCPolitics: "The sticker happens to be... on my wife's car" Speaker of UK's House of Commons John Bercow fires back after an MP accu…
Michael Jackson estate attacks 'lurid' documentary
Yemen soldiers killed in Houthi drone attack on base
Rahaf al-Qunun: Unpicking the tweets that may have saved her life
RT @BBCBusiness: Jaguar Land Rover to cut up to 5,000 jobs. Full story by @BBCSimonJack:
RT @BBCScotlandNews: "I've got fingers and they can move" - Five years after becoming a quadruple amputee, Corinne Hutton now has hands. Mo…
RT @bbcweather: Lots of talk about Sudden Stratospheric Warming at the moment. Does this mean a re-run the winter of 2018? Not necessarily…
RT @BBCSport: A Brighton fan has been banned for five matches "in light of offensive comments made on social media”. Full story:
RT @BBCLookNorth: A West Yorkshire MP is calling for a new minister of hunger to deal with the number of people struggling to buy food in t…
Brexit: General election 'answer to deadlock'
Some HRT tablets 'linked to higher blood clot risk'
Premier League title race: Liverpool and their challengers are breaking records
Thousands raised to free Aboriginal women jailed over debts
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Thursday's Scottish front page review #Scotpapers
RT @BBCMaryam: Dog food made with insects will hit the shelves in UK supermarkets this week. The firm that makes it wants to reduce environ…
RT @BBCBusiness: 'Act now' warning over tax returns
Australian Open 2019: Andy Murray faces Roberto Bautista Agut in first round
Debenhams sales tumble over Christmas
RT @BBCBreakfast: A 210ft fatberg was found blocking a sewer in Devon by @SouthWestWater 😮🚽🤢 Here's what you can do to dispose of your cook…
MPs want hunger minister role introduced
BBC Sound of 2019: Queer pop star King Princess is the runner-up
Worst Christmas for retailers in a decade, says BRC
Jaguar Land Rover to cut up to 5,000 jobs
RT @BBCNews: Speaker's Brexit ruling 'extremely concerning', say ministers
News Daily: Jaguar Land Rover job losses and Corbyn's election call
Ashley Judd's sexual harassment claim against Harvey Weinstein dismissed
Speaker's Brexit ruling 'extremely concerning', say ministers
Opposition named winner in DR Congo poll
Stranded seals wreak havoc in Canadian town
Michael Johnson: How ‘Superman’ Olympic champion’s world was changed by stroke
Ashley Giles: England can win Cricket World Cup and regain Ashes in 2019
Newspaper headlines: Bercow 'out of order' over Brexit?
Thursday's Daily Express "You're so out of order!" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Daily Mirror "May caves in on workers' rights to save Brexit deal" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (v…
Thursday's Guardian "May's power ebbing away as she suffers another humiliating defeat" #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Thursday's Times "Tory rebels join forces with Labour over Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday's Daily Mail "Out of order!" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Metro "Amazon boss in $137bn divorce" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's i "May losing control of Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Thursday's Daily Telegraph "Mr Speaker takes control" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Manchester City 9-0 Burton Albion: Gabriel Jesus scores four in Carabao Cup semi-final
RT @BBCSport: FT: Man City 9-0 Burton Albion It was always going to be a tough night for Burton. Live: #MCIBUR #…
Thursday's Financial Times "May offers MPs 'backstop' veto after second Commons defeat" #tomorrowspaperstoday…
RT @BBCBreaking: Car believed to be involved in murder case of Jayden Moodie, 14, found by police in London
RT @BBCBreaking: Democrats say Trump slammed the table and walked out of shutdown talks, while president calls meeting waste of time
Man arrested after people exited a vehicle on M6
RT @BBCScotlandNews: A Scottish government review finds no data breach in Alex Salmond case
RT @BBCWorld: US government shutdown: Where do we go from here?
RT @BBCWorld: Police 'seek staff DNA' over vegetative woman's baby
RT @BBCLookNorth: Incredibly they broke into the locked van in seconds.
Man City v Burton: Away fans stuck in traffic on way to Carabao Cup game
RT @BBCWorld: "There could be more out there" 🔭 Mysterious radio signals detected from distant galaxy
'Deep concern' after two UK women are infected with super-gonorrhoea
RT @BBCSport: The Football Association has reached a settlement with former England women's manager Mark Sampson following his sacking in 2…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: This is the moment a so-called paedophile hunter met the daughter of a man who had been hunted and accused. Lesley’s dad…
RT @bbcweather: Thursday starts pretty chilly in the south west, less so further north of the UK LM
RT @BBCSport: West Ham have received a £35m bid from an unnamed Chinese club for striker Marko Arnautovic. More: h…
Cheap drugs used for diabetes and heart health may help severe mental illness
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: Polls suggest Theresa May’s deal is not popular with the public. YouGov polling shows support for the deal peaked at 2…
RT @BBCNorthAmerica: Man accused of stealing roommate's $10m lottery ticket
Forced marriage victims will no longer have to take out loans to pay for return to UK
RT @BBCWorld: "This is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life" Hundreds of thousands of dead fish found floating in Australia…
RT @BBCEngland: Surrey train stabbing: Witness appeal for couple sightings
RT @BBCNorthAmerica: In 2018, scientists issued dire warnings about the effects of climate change. Here’s what you need to know:
Multiple arrests target 'county lines' drugs trade
RT @BBCPolitics: "Extension of Article 50... may well be inevitable now, given the position that we are in" Labour's Shadow #Brexit Secret…
🥩🥛🍞🍇🍷 How does the food you choose at the supermarket impact on the environment? Find out:
Bercow's unprecedented ruling could change the course of #Brexit
Savile Row retailer Hardy Amies calls in administrators
RT @BBCPolitics: Commons Speaker John Bercow denies having an anti-#Brexit sticker on his car - telling Tory MP Adam Holloway the vehicle b…
Oscars 2019: Kevin Hart says he definitely won't return as host
Jeff Bezos, Amazon CEO and world's richest man, divorces
How to fix some of your own broken gadgets
RT @bbclaurak: 1. Deeply embarassing for govt to be beaten just before Brexit debate gets going again, but does it affect what they will a…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay reopens debate on Theresa May's deal nearly a month after MPs' vote was postponed, sayin…
Buyer 'willing to pay £100,000 for Port Talbot Banksy'
Andy Murray to face Novak Djokovic in practice match before Australian Open
Eden Hazard has outgrown Chelsea and should leave, says Jermaine Jenas
RT @BBCPolitics: @BBCBreaking Government loses vote on key amendment to #Brexit legislation, forcing ministers to lay out a plan B within t…
RT @BBCBreaking: MPs vote to force the government to announce new Brexit plans within three days if PM's deal fails in the Commons
RT @BBCWorld: Isle of Man's 'magical' fairy fortresses 'will be maintained', says government
Olivia Colman: From TV comedy actress to Hollywood award winner
RT @BBCPolitics: "Do people in this House have any idea how out of touch the general public think we are?" Conservative @heidiallen75 says…
Ministry of Justice says new prisons to have no bars on windows
RT @BBCPolitics: Tory MP Huw Merriman suggests PM waives £65 fee for EU citizens to stay after #Brexit, saying "we should be welcoming our…
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs shout and boo as Conservative Ken Clarke asks PM if she would consider delaying or revoking Article 50 "in the nationa…
RT @BBCPolitics: SNP's Ian Blackford accuses PM of "asking MPs to write a blank cheque for her blindfold #Brexit", saying she is "frozen in…
RT @BBCPolitics: "His #Brexit policies are the many, not the few" After Jeremy Corbyn urges Theresa May to call a General Election, she qu…
RT @BBCPolitics: "End this costly charade and rule out no-deal", Labour's Jeremy Corbyn challenges the PM - quoting warnings from ministers…
RT @BBCPolitics: SNP's Drew Hendry accuses PM of "xenophobic" campaign to encourage EU nationals to register to stay in the UK after #Brexi…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We need to accelerate the process" Conservative Dominic Grieve explains why he's tabling a motion forcing government to…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Politicians and the media should be able to go about their work without harassment" - Theresa May begins #PMQs by address…
RT @BBCPolitics: #PMQs: What did Corbyn ask May in 2018? (spoiler - there was a lot of #Brexit)
Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay cleared of election expenses fraud
#Brexit: Forcing the timetable for a 'Plan B'
RT @misslfoster: One of the five southern koalas brought to the UK last year as part of a conservation programme has died. Wilpena develope…
Boohoo warned over advertising real fur as fake
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: Explore the climate impact of your food choices with our calculator
RT @BBCBusiness: US jewellery firm Stella & Dot 'to exit European market'
RT @BBCPolitics: Protests, chanting, harassment and abuse. Why do MPs and journalists gather on College Green? [tap to expand]
RT @davidshukmanbbc: Which vegan milks are best for the planet? The answer is not obvious.
Padraig Harrington: Ryder Cup captain on Rory McIlroy, wildcards and stats
How do people want #Brexit to be sorted out? Voting expert Sir John Curtice on where the public stand
Museum of Scotland in row over authenticity of Great Pyramid stone
New Zealand birds: Christmas decorations tied around sparrows
Tottenham: New stadium not ready until at least March
RT @VictoriaLIVE: Lesley's dad was exposed on social media by so-called paedophile hunters. He took his own life two days later. It meant…
Climate change: Which are the best vegan milks?
Kate Bush: 'I'm not a Tory supporter'
‘I will never know if my dad was a paedophile’
No-deal #Brexit: Can Parliament stop it?
Sainsbury's sees retail sales fall 1.1% over Christmas
Egypt 'recovers smuggled artefact' from UK auction
- Freddie or The Favourite? 👑 - Olivia or Gaga? 🎬 - Timothee or Richard E? 🎥 Full #Bafta Film Awards nominations:…
Bafta Film Awards 2019: Olivia Colman's The Favourite leads nominations
RT @BBCNewsEnts: The Favourite is the clear favourite for the #EEBaftas
BBC Sound of 2019: Grace Carter interview
VAR: Mauricio Pochettino and Maurizio Sarri critical after Carabao Cup tie
Love Island's Chris Hughes says brother has testicular cancer
News Daily: Trump's wall address and Brexit debate restarts
Saudi woman 'given refugee status'
Fukubukuro: Why Japan goes crazy for 'lucky bags'
CES 2019: Can breath-sniffing gadgets improve your diet?
Brexit: MPs to resume debate on PM's plan
Jeanne Augier: Flamboyant owner of Negresco hotel dies
Suspicious items found at consulates in Melbourne - reports
Trump demands funding for border 'barrier'
Paddington Station: Lighting failure causes delays
Are podcasts helping to solve crimes?
Pension cold-calling ban takes effect
Climate change: 'Right to repair' gathers force
Newspaper headlines: Brexit abuse and Tory rebellion
Wednesday's Mail: "UKIP and the hatemonger" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Mirror: "Bellfield attacked us too" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Times: "Rebel Tory MPs inflict historic defeat on May" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Heathrow airport drone investigated by police and military
Wednesday's Guardian: "We will end threat of no-deal #Brexit, cross-party alliance of MPs tells May" (via…
Wednesday's Telegraph: "Rebels draw first blood in battle to stop no deal" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's i: "MPs reveal death threats and vile abuse" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tottenham 1-0 Chelsea, Carabao Cup - Harry Kane's penalty gives Spurs advantage
Wednesday's FT: "IAG faces loss of flying rights as Brussels balks at #Brexit plan" (via @hendopolis)…
Wednesday's Metro: "Drone chaos at Heathrow" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday's Independent: "#Brexit brinkmanship" (via @hendopolis) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Why do broadcasters use College Green?
World Bank warns of 'darkening skies' for global economy
Smartphone users warned to be careful of the Antichrist
Boy, 14, stabbed to death in Waltham Forest street
Slender Man stabbing teenager appeals sentence
US nursing home chief resigns after vegetative patient gives birth
Brexit: MPs defeat government over no-deal preparations
RT @BBCBreaking: MPs defeat UK government and back measures designed to thwart no-deal Brexit preparations
RT @BBCBreaking: Heathrow Airport says flights have resumed after departures were halted amid drone sighting reports
RT @BBCBreaking: Military are preparing to deploy anti-drone equipment at Heathrow "should it prove necessary", says British Transport Mini…
RT @bbcweather: Here's a snapshot of how tomorrow's looking. Feeling colder than the temps indicate, courtesy of a northerly breeze...📉🧤🧣 h…
Heathrow departures stopped as drone reported
Margot Robbie to play Barbie in live-action film
Can Trump declare a national emergency to build a wall?
RT @BBCPolitics: "The person that murdered Jo Cox... is almost empowered by those types of extremists that #Brexit's uncovered" Tory MP @A…
RT @BBCWorldatOne: "There are times when it feels directly personally threatening. It won’t stop me doing my job” @sarahwollaston MP tells…
RT @BBCWalesNews: Home turned into dumping ground plagued by hundreds of rats
"A lost pig isn't necessarily a police matter though..." 🐷
Boy, 14, and woman die in M58 crash
RT @BBCPolitics: "This situation cannot stand" Commons Speaker John Bercow writes to Met Police chief about "intolerable" harassment of MP…
RT @BBCPolitics: "I want to express my regret, in particular, for the difficult position that the complainants have been placed in" - @Nico…
Overwatch's LGBT characters are 'educating' gamers
'Impossible' for Seaborne's #Brexit port to be ready for March
RT @BBCPolitics: "There is a risk... we end up with no-deal by accident" Labour's @YvetteCooperMP explains why she and Conservative @Nicky…
RT @BBCWorld: Cause celebs: Who's campaigning for what in 2019?
RT @BBCSport: Mauricio Pochettino says he hopes to be Tottenham boss for 20 years and perhaps finish his career with the club. Full story:…
RT @BBCPolitics: Seaborne Freight and its directors were fully vetted before receiving a £13m #Brexit ferry contract, Transport Secretary C…
Energy firm ceases trading after ban
Andy Murray's expectations 'tempered' before Australian Open
Padraig Harrington: Europe name Irishman as 2020 Ryder Cup captain
RT @BBCPolitics: Who are some of the College Green protesters who shout at MPs in live TV interviews? @ElizabethGlinka has been researchi…
RT @BBCPolitics: Police are "taking advice" on whether protesters in Westminster have broken the law, says Met Police DAC Laurence Taylor,…
Scottish poet JO Morgan scoops Costa prize
Email error 'like handing over your keys'
Woman given erectile dysfunction cream for dry eye
RT @BBCScienceNews: Woman given erectile dysfunction cream for dry eye
RT @BBCNewsnight: The French government is cracking down on unsanctioned protests in an effort to quell weeks of anti-government unrest htt…
EuroMillions winner Frances Connolly saves sister's home
Breaking Bad star defends playing disabled character
Football abuse accused dies in crash on day of trial
RT @bbclaurak: 1. Clear from French+ Irish Foreign ministers this morning (unsurprisingly), but explicit on the record, just as it was at E…
RT @BBCPolitics: "I never thought it possible at any point I'd be taking the Scottish government to court...I'm sad it was necessary to tak…
Stephen Barclay 'hasn't spoken to EU about delaying #Brexit'
Paul Gascoigne denies sex assault on Durham train
Scottish government admits failure in Alex Salmond sexual harassment investigation
Gary Rowett: Stoke City manager sacked after less than eight months
RT @VictoriaLIVE: ‘Why should I put up with being called a batty boy? Why should I face death threats?’ Watch @SDoughtyMP’s shocking accou…
German far-right AfD MP badly hurt in Bremen attack
RT @BBCSport: It's all over for Gary Rowett! Stoke City are on the hunt for a new manager. ➡
Sound of 2019: Slowthai 'telling the story of the people for the people'
RT @BBCr4today: "I can be very clear that the government's policy is to leave on 29th March" says Brexit Sec @SteveBarclay who says there w…
RT @SallyBundockBBC: Tech bringing radical change to increase efficiency and improve service. Millions of patients will see the doctor by S…
RT @BBCBreakfast: More than 50 MPs have written to the chief of the Met Police after @Anna_Soubry was verbally abused by Brexit protesters…
Queen Anne: Who was the monarch played by Olivia Colman?
Kegworth air disaster: 30th anniversary service to be held
Monster fatberg found blocking Sidmouth sewer
Morrisons 'performs well' over Christmas
Rahaf al-Qunun: UNHCR 'grateful' Saudi woman not deported
FA Cup: Vote for your favourite goal of the third round
Uber shootings: Driver pleads guilty to six murders
Carlos Ghosn says he is innocent in first court appearance
News Daily: MPs call for end to abuse, and England 'needs millions of homes'
Sexual assault forensics centres failing some victims
Brexit: MPs try to limit government's no-deal financial powers
RT @SallyBundockBBC: Face-to-face consultations could be reduced by a third, many of us will see the doctor by #Skype. What do you think? D…
Can a Leona Lewis story really help you sleep at night?
North Korea's Kim Jong-un visits China's Xi Jinping
Anna Soubry: 50 MPs write to Met Police chief over 'Nazi' abuse
Superga: The crash that killed Serie A's champions & English coach Leslie Lievesley
UK 'needs millions of homes to solve housing crisis'
Newspaper headlines: NHS video appointments and staffing shortage
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Netty. I hear you. Some medics in Vancouver use this analogy. They say that addicts are ill and will need to be on dru…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Jill. Of course there are many reasons, including mental health issues, poverty, homelessness etc. But it is also true…
French author Yann Moix says women over 50 'too old' to love
Tuesday's Mirror: "Wrong medicine" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Times: "Millions of patients to see doctor by Skype" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Guardian: "Time to curb privatisation of care, NHS chiefs tell PM" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers…
Manhunt: The real-life story behind the ITV drama
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Paul. There is Fentanyl in the UK, which we have reported on. But it is nothing like the scale of problem we see in th…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi. There are two parts to this answer. In the "safe Injection Sites" users bring their own street drugs which they have…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Conor The one clinic we visited had dealt with more than 500 overdoses without a single death. So that's a sure benefi…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Karen. The volunteers in Vancouver tell me that "you cannot help a dead addict" For them it is all about saving lives…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi. In Vancouver they have accepted that some addicts will NEVER get off the drugs. But they believe that some may be pro…
RT @JeremyCooke1: Hi Pat. I think the drug situation in North America is very different to the UK. But the fundamental issue is that Vancou…
Tuesday's Express: "NHS fit for 21st Century" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Mail: "The doctor will see you by Skype" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's i: "The NHS needs YOU" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's FT: "SoftBank slashes back WeWork investment plans after tech rout" (via @AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers…
Tuesday's Metro: "Knifed 9 Times" (via @ AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tuesday's Independent: "NHS plan set to raid foreign countries for staff" (via @ AllieHBNews) #bbcpapers…
Yellow vests: France to crack down on unsanctioned protests
Should drug addiction be viewed as a health issue or treated as a crime? What do you want to know about how countri…
RT @JeremyCooke1: What an amazing experience witnessing how Vancouver is responding to the Opioid crisis that is costing lives across North…
RT @BBCSport: FT Wolves 2-1 Liverpool It's all over! Ruben Neves' brilliant strike sends the hosts into the #FACup fourth round. 👉
Seven die in massive Alps snowfall from Germany to Italy
Should the UK be raising rather than lowering the voting age?
Police to get new powers to tackle illegal drone use
Alex Hepburn: Rape trial told of cricketer's phone 'game'
RT @BBCPM: "It's very much out of control, its not a nice atmosphere out there..."@heidiallen75 talking about her colleague @Anna_Soubry be…
Opioid overdosing has killed thousands in Canada; Vancouver is tackling the epidemic by treating it as a medical is…
CES 2019: Smart doorbells ring in changes in Las Vegas
Brexit: What's happening with the PM's conundrum?
RT @BBCPolitics: @bbclaurak @Anna_Soubry "I do object to being called a Nazi" Protesters confront Conservative MP Anna Soubry on the stree…
NHS long-term plan: Are there enough staff to make it happen?
RT @BBCPolitics: Everyone from the EU working for the NHS is "very welcome to stay" in UK after #Brexit - Health Secretary Matt Hancock dis…
Anna Soubry urges police action after 'Nazi taunts' outside Parliament
Port Talbot Banksy garage owner 'struggling'
Kevin Spacey in court to face charges of groping teenage bus boy
Stowaway found in school trip coach luggage compartment
How the life of China's #IceBoy has changed one year on
Ant and Dec shortlisted for National Television Awards
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn accuses PM of "trying to breathe life into a Frankenstein monster of a deal" on #Brexit - sayi…
Vegans: The most googled questions about veganism answered
Jack Shepherd: Anger over on-the-run speedboat killer
Escape room fire: Poland closes 13 venues after five teenagers die
NHS plan: What it means for you
RT @BBCPolitics: "This is astonishing. This is what has happened to our country" Conservative MP @Anna_Soubry briefly stops live BBC inte…
‘I lost £180,000 in a self-storage fire'
Will NHS long-term plan deliver the goods?
FA Cup third round: Which was the biggest shock?
Brexit: PM 'working to get further EU assurances'
'We lost nearly £10k to TV licence scammers'
RT @BBCPolitics: “We might have to extend Article 50” says Tory Minister Margot James if MPs do not back PM's #Brexit deal in vote next wee…
RT @BBCPolitics: It's estimated that at any point in time "something like 20-30% of people" in hospital don't need to be there - Theresa Ma…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May on #Brexit and NHS funding: "We currently send significant sums of money to the EU... in future that money wil…
Migrant search after empty dinghy found on Kent beach
RT @BBCPolitics: "We're reshaping the NHS around the changing needs of patients today" - Theresa May launches #NHSLongTermPlan
RT @BBCPolitics: "The NHS is the public's priority, so I've made it my number one spending priority" Theresa May says England's health se…
Katie Price denies drink-driving charge
Surrey train stabbing: Murder accused appears in court
RT @bbclaurak: Labour calling for PM to make an urgent statement to Commons later today on Brexit and terms of debate - party's point is it…
Wayne Hennessey: Crystal Palace keeper denies making Nazi salute
RT @SallyBundockBBC: A new year....are you on a new fitness programme to "get back in shape"? We are talking fitness apps in #BBCBizLive wi…
New year and a new #Brexit thread from @bbclaurak
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Seeing double-07 🤔 Idris Elba’s snap with Daniel Craig at the #GoldenGlobes is too good #Bond (📸: Instagram/idriselba) htt…
UK household debt hits new peak, says TUC
Golden Globes 2019: Seven talking points from the ceremony
For all your #Brexit coverage 👇
Gabon: Army says it has seized power 'to restore democracy'
Flamenco star Rosalía kicks off BBC Sound of 2019 countdown
Yusaku Maezawa: Japanese billionaire tweets most retweeted tweet
News Daily: NHS plan published and 200 MPS warn against no-deal Brexit
Car sales down for second consecutive year
Golden Globes 2019: Bohemian Rhapsody and Rami Malek are surprise winners
RT @BBCWorld: #GoldenGlobes "Thank you to Freddie Mercury for the joy. ..and for showing us the power of embracing your true self. This…
Rahaf al-Qunun: Saudi woman in Bangkok should not be deported, says HRW
Bluebottle jellyfish: Thousands of Queensland beachgoers stung
War-weary Syrians in Kurdish-held Manbij wait to learn fate
RT @BBCNewsEnts: It's a brilliant night for Brits so far at the #GoldenGlobes2019 👏👏@_richardmadden & Ben Whishaw!
RT @bbcpress: Congratulations to Ben Whishaw who's just won Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series o…
The tech boss who smashed through barriers
Brexit: Manston Airport hosts lorry park trial
Brexit: 200 MPs call on Theresa May to rule out no deal
Golden Globes 2019: Red carpet in pictures
The concrete blocks that once protected Britain
Egypt opens Middle East's biggest cathedral
Pope Francis urges end to migrant boat deadlock
NHS 10-year plan: Non-hospital care to get biggest funding rise
A 17-month-old girl taken during a car theft has been found safe and well
Enes Kanter: 'I don't feel safe in the UK'
Niki Lauda: Former F1 world champion back in hospital five months after lung transplant
Newspaper headlines: NHS 'gene revolution' and Rooney arrest
June Jones murder: Ex-boyfriend Michael Foran charged
Man charged with murder over train stabbing
FA Cup round-up: Barnet, Oldham, Newport, Callum Lang, Phil Foden, Padraig Amond
A two-year-old girl is missing after the car she was in was stolen in east London
Fulham 1-2 Oldham Athletic in FA Cup third round
Newport County 2-1 Leicester in FA Cup third round
RT @BBCSport: Wayne Rooney was arrested and fined in the United States last month for public intoxication and swearing. More:
RT @BBCSport: FT: Newport County 2-1 Leicester City The League Two side have done it! It's another cup upset on Sunday in the #FACup.…
RT @BBCSport: Done deal. Jermain Defoe is officially a Rangers player... on loan. Full story:
Sheffield United 0-1 Barnet in FA Cup third round
"This is an amazing historical find" Take a look inside London's lost ice house [Tap to expand]…
RT @BBCWalesNews: 'It doesn't feel real that she's home'
RT @BBCBreaking: Donald Trump says US strike in Yemen killed Jamal al-Badawi, al-Qaeda militant behind deadly 2000 attack on USS Cole
RT @BBCAfrica: To prevent hunters from killing them, Ngendera bought his first crocodile for just 28 dollars. He now owns 45 of them - me…
RT @bbcweather: A YELLOW WARNING for wind is in force across parts of Scotland for Monday and Tuesday. Strong winds could cause disruption.…
Premiership 'not at war' with RFU over promotion & relegation - Ian Ritchie
Australia v India: Hosts face battle to save final Test after follow-on
RT @BBCWorld: Syria conflict: Bolton says US withdrawal is conditional
RT @BBCSport: Johanna Konta has pulled out of the Sydney International with injury - just a week before the start of the Australian Open.…
RT @BBCWorld: Franck Ribery: Bayern midfielder fined over angry Salt Bae tweets
RT @BBCYoungReport: Presenting for @bbcnireland and regularly reporting weather news @barrabest is always looking for new and original stor…
UK PM Theresa May says the vote on her #Brexit deal will "definitely" go ahead as she urges MPs to back it or risk…
RT @BBCWorld: Saudi woman 'trapped at Bangkok airport trying to flee family'
Ramsgate 'can not be ready' for #Brexit ferries
RT @BBCBreaking: Gold mine collapse in Afghanistan kills at least 30, officials say
RT @BBCPolitics: “Why are you delaying the universal credit roll-out?” #marr asks Theresa May about decision to postpone vote for benefit…
RT @BBCPolitics: “I have been clear with my colleagues… Two things: One, I am not going to call a snap election, and secondly I am not goin…
RT @BBCPolitics: "In my view there should not be a second #Brexit referendum" - UK PM Theresa May says it would divide the country and it c…
RT @BBCPolitics: “Don’t let the search for the perfect become the enemy of the good” Theresa May warns MPs they risk ending up with "no Br…
RT @BBCPolitics: “Yes, we are going to hold the vote” Theresa May confirms to #marr that #Brexit meaningful vote will take place in January…
RT @BBCPolitics: "We are committed to voting against Theresa May's #Brexit deal. Goodness knows whether we'll actually have a vote on it ne…
RT @BBCPolitics: “People are waiting longer under this Tory government, because the Tories have been running down the NHS for nine years, s…
"You're not going to fall. You're going to be okay" UK plane crash survivor Stephen McCoy takes his first steps in…
RT @BBCWorld: Japanese girl to become youngest professional Go player
#GoldenGlobes 2019: Eight things to look out for
RT @BBCNews: How the UK became a major player in the gaming world
How the UK became a major player in the gaming world
Surrey train stabbing: More time to question suspect
Why did Trump's love affair with US generals turn sour?
Universal credit: Vote to extend benefit to 3 million delayed
Pentagon chief of staff Kevin Sweeney resigns
Egypt policeman killed defusing bomb near Coptic church
Brexit: PM says critics of her deal are risking democracy
US budget shutdown talks to resume Sunday, Trump says
Brazil deploys troops to stop violence in Fortaleza
Obituary: Major Geoffrey Langlands, Pakistan's English teacher
Juul: The rise of a $38bn e-cigarette phenomenon
Reality Check: Who rescues migrants in the Channel?
Sound of 2018 winner Sigrid reflects on her 'magical' year
NHS 10-year plan: May hails historic announcement
New £1 coin to be rolled out overseas
China's population 'to peak' in 2029 at 1.44 billion
Saudi women to get divorce confirmation by text message
French Gilets Jaunes: Ministry broken into amid fresh protests
Newspaper headlines: Universal Credit 'rethink' and train murder
Sir Billy Connolly sorry for 'depressing' fans
Two British soldiers injured in Syria
Nathaniel Clyne: Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock accuses Liverpool of 'lack of class'
Gillingham 1-0 Cardiff City in FA Cup third round
Bristol Rovers bids farewell to loyal supporter, 104
Worcester Warriors 21-19 Bath: Warriors snatch late win against 11-man Bath
German mass data attack 'known for weeks' by cyber officials
Enes Kanter: New York Knicks player will not travel to London over Turkish spy fears
RT @bbcweather: A quick look at tomorrow and early next week but with strong winds forecast on Monday you may want to check out the longer…
RT @BBCWorld: Why have Japanese monks been demonstrating their hidden talents? [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCSport: "It's a bittersweet result." Britain's Mica McNeill and Montell Douglas missed out on a World Cup medal by 0.04 seconds, af…
Newcastle Falcons 17-38 Harlequins: Quins move up to third as Falcons stay bottom
FA Cup round-up: Wins for Man Utd, Brighton, Burnley and West Ham
Out with a Wimpy... city says goodbye to burger joint
June Jones murder: Man arrested in Liverpool
RT @BBCNewsbeat: New York Knicks star Enes Kanter isn't coming to the UK over fears he could be 'murdered by spies.'
RT @BBCWorld: "Congresswomen dance too!" 💃 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez answers her dance critics with a new video [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCEarth: It might be invisible to us standing on the ocean’s shore, but beneath the waves, the ocean churns with a constant orchestra…
RT @BBCWorld: China's Harbin ice festival in pictures 🥶
RT @bbcstories: 🎗💛Endometriosis affects about 1 in 10 women. These incredible ladies are speaking out after spending years in agonising pai…
RT @BBCWorld: Paul Whelan: Russia rules out prisoner swap for ex-US Marine
Hopman Cup: Roger Federer & Belinda Bencic retain title for Switzerland
Eat your Christmas tree (and five other top tips)
How worried should we be about China's economy?
RT @bbcweather: Snow mean feat! It took workers in China almost three weeks to build two thousand and nineteen snowmen to celebrate the eig…
RT @BBCSport: A 90-year-old American cyclist is to be stripped of his title after failing a drugs test. Full story:
RT @BBCBreaking: Relatives pay tribute to "devoted family man" Lee Pomeroy, 51, who was stabbed to death on Surrey train
RT @BBCWalesNews: 😱 Busted by dashcam Thousands of clips sent to police have led to drivers being fined and prosecuted Full story:
RT @BBCSteveR: "Now on BBC One, Grandstand...with Dmitri Shostakovich." I've given a classic BBC theme tune a classical Russian makeover.…
RT @BBCWorld: Five historic moments as new US Congress opens [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCSport: Diego Maradona has been released from hospital after being admitted with internal bleeding in his stomach. More:
RT @BBCWorld: Arizona police investigate after 'vegetative patient gives birth'
Sexual relations between coaches and under-18s 'should be illegal'
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Looking to save some cash for your holiday? ☀️💷
Meet Victoria - she's trying to get the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Harry Potter memorabili…
Time using landlines halves in five years, says Ofcom ☎️
Hospital patients who smoke or drink to be helped to quit
Will Gompertz reviews Brexit: The Uncivil War starring Benedict Cumberbatch ★★★★☆
Sunshine Saturday: How to get a good holiday deal on peak booking day
CES 2019: Tech preview of the expo's hottest new gadgets
Trump's wall: How much has been built so far?
Magnitogorsk disaster: 'My little boy was dangling over the edge'
RT @BBCNewsAsia: Thailand Pabuk: Thousands emerge from shelter as storm passes
RT @bbcweather: Good morning. It's another quiet day on the weather front. High pressure is bringing mainly dry and cloudy conditions wit…
RT @BBCSport: Diego Maradona was admitted to hospital with internal bleeding. His daughter later confirmed that "he is well". Full story:…
RT @BBCWorld: Stillbirth: 'I broke down in tears, I was hysterical'
RT @BBCFergusWalsh: Hospital patients who smoke or drink to be helped to quit
RT @BBCr4today: Ex-Tory chancellor Ken Clarke says the UK should have an "open ended" delay on leaving the EU by revoking the decision to e…
Sydney International: Johanna Konta wins opening qualifying match
Suspect arrested over Surrey train stabbing
Australia v India: Tourists in control as hosts struggle with bat once again
Bobby Moore: How an FA Cup night out soured England legend's West Ham career
Veganuary bus adverts 'should be removed in Shropshire'
Emma Watson talks of 'optimism' on Time's Up anniversary
Surrey train stabbing: Murder suspect still at large
Man shot dead during police operation
UK announces Iraq explosive clearance funds
Japan sushi tycoon pays record tuna price
Britney Spears takes work break to focus on father's health
Tyson Fury a bigger draw than Anthony Joshua - Frank Warren
Phone-staring warning after Wellingborough 'hit-and-run'
Ryanair named 'worst short-haul airline'
Diego Maradona released from hospital after internal bleeding
Decorated US Navy Seal accused of killing teen IS fighter
Newspaper headlines: Train stabbing, and lottery couple praised
Saturday's Guardian: "Regions set for clash with government over fracking" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Saturday's Star: "We ❤ Pat and Frances" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Saturday's Times: "Universities pay police to protect students" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Saturday's Express: "Knifed to death on train" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Five teenagers killed in Poland escape room fire
Saturday's Telegraph: "Boy sees his father killed in random stabbing on train" (via @MsHelicat)…
Saturday's Independent: "'Spy' arrest piles pressure on Russian relations" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Saturday's Mirror: "Harry's at war with Russia" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Saturday's Mail: "Ministers: We'll tackle speedboat legal aid loophole" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
i Weekend: "UK fracking in jeopardy" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
FT Weekend: "Powell seeks to soothe stock markets after weeks of turmoil" (via @MsHelicat) #tomorrowspaperstoday
Tranmere Rovers 0-7 Tottenham: Fernando Llorente scores hat-trick in thrashing
Man dies taking photograph at Cliffs of Moher
Cervical cancer screening campaigner Natasha Sale dies aged 31
Surrey train stabbing: Man was stabbed to death in front of son, 14
Sabarimala: Women who defied temple mobs 'have no fear'
Crews tackling large fire at The Ivy restaurant in Manchester
RT @BBCSport: Police in Sheffield say they no longer want football matches between the city's two teams to take place on weekends. Full st…
RT @BBCNWT: The Ivy - one of Manchester's most exclusive restaurants - is on fire. There are four fire engines at the scene. It has onl…
RT @BBCSport: The FA is asking people to come forward with information after an unnamed England player was reported to have been "kicked ou…
RT @BBCBreakfast: Tony was 8 years old when he watched a US bomber crash in Sheffield in 1944. He's been looking after the memorial ever si…
US shutdown: Trump digs in as he meets congressional leaders
Large 'ice pancake' forms on cold river in Braemar
RT @BBCYoungReport: As a presenter for @bbcnireland and regularly reporting weather news @barrabest is always looking for original stories.…
RT @BBCBreaking: Man stabbed to death on board a train near Horsley in Surrey, the BBC understands
Christmas Day divorce: 13 people completed online applications
Is Theresa May any closer to unblocking her Brexit deal?
'Serious attack' on board train forces Horsley station closure
Tips on how to limit excessive screen time
Reality Check: Why did child screen advice not go further?
RT @BBCBreakfast: When Tony was 8 years old he saw a US bomber crash in #Sheffield. Now he just wants one thing: for them to be remembered…
Library book returned in Aberdeen after 40 years
Man, 102, stuck on roof for three days died of pneumonia
Ellen urges Kevin Hart to reconsider hosting the Oscars
Congresswoman attacked for dancing gets massive support
The women who banned alcohol
The Voice won't make you a star, Instagram will
Paul Whelan: Ex-US Marine held on suspicion of spying is UK citizen
RT @danroan: FA appeals for information after claim unnamed England footballer ‘snorted cocaine in a toilet’
Harry Potter memorabilia world record bid ✨
Climate change: We challenged three people to transform their daily habits
Brexit: The DUP says there is 'no way' it will back PM's deal
RT @BBCRealityCheck: The transport secretary says the channel ports will "operate normally in all Brexit circumstances". Is he being too op…
Rescuers search Loch Eriboll for 'distressed whale'
Man City 2-1 Liverpool: Premier League champions show substance as well as style in key victory
Thailand Pabuk: Tourist spots hit by worst storm in decades
EuroMillions: County Armagh couple 'overwhelmed' at £115m jackpot win
TV licence email scam: More than 5,000 complaints in three months
Royal Manchester Eye Hospital patient heard other patients' messages
EuroMillions: County Armagh couple win £115m jackpot
New body scanner installed at Leeds prison to detect drug smuggling [Tap to expand]
Man City 2-1 Liverpool: Why first defeat will not knock Liverpool's title belief - Mark Lawrenson
House price growth slowest for almost six years, says Nationwide
RT @BBCVishalaSP: New guidance from UK docs says there isn’t enough evidence to confirm screen time is harmful to children. Do you limit sc…
News Daily: Screen time advice and US shutdown uncertainty
What 2019 holds for Facebook
Januhairy: Why women are growing out their body hair
Criminal gangs apply for jail jobs to smuggle drugs, say police
US and China to hold trade talks in Beijing next week
NICE: New roads should prioritise cyclists and pedestrians
RT @BBCMaryam: New guidance from UK docs says there isn’t enough evidence to confirm screen time is harmful to children. Do you limit scree…
Ex-Credit Suisse bankers arrested over $2bn fraud scheme
Herb Kelleher: Father of low-cost airline travel dies at 87
Top boss pay overtakes staff in three days, report says
The mystery of a man found dead with only a travel card
Hotel to operate on battery power in Edinburgh
Worry less about children's screen use, parents told
US jury to decide if Ed Sheeran copied Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On
What does China want to do on the Moon's far side?
Pep Guardiola: Man City boss says 'every game is a final' after win over Liverpool
Newspaper headlines: Abu Hamza's son arrested and pill 'cancer alert'
2019 Six Nations: Halfpenny and Davies worries for Wales as Williams returns
Navy patrol 'to prevent migrant crossings' in Channel
Friday’s Times: Doctors tell parents to cut children’s screen time #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Friday’s i: Unis face cash crisis after fall in students #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Mail: Speedboat Fugitive Police: We haven’t got a clue #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Guardian: Police put 1000 officers on standby for Brexit chaos in Northern Ireland #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Friday’s FT: Apple’s China warning sends tremors through stock markets #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Friday’s Telegraph: Most Tory members would back no deal #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Metro: Murder cops arrest Abu Hamza’s son #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
RT @BBCSport: A huge scalp for the British pair 👏 Katie Boulter and Cameron Norrie beat Serena Williams and Frances Tiafoe in Hopman Cup m…
The British Army's new recruitment campaign targets "snowflakes," "phone zombies," and "selfie addicts" - What do p…
Manchester City 2-1 Liverpool: Champions close gap on leaders to four points
RT @BBCSport: FT: Man City 2-1 Liverpool Leroy Sane's excellent low finish sees Man City close the gap on leaders Liverpool to four point…
RT @bbcweather: Here's a quick check on the forecast, in 60 seconds... Ben R
Panto panic: Theatre boss rescues panto by playing leading lady
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Man City 2-1 Liverpool Leroy Sane guides the ball into the bottom corner to put Pep Guardiola's side back in front!…
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Man City 1-1 Liverpool The league leaders equalise! It's game on as Roberto Firmino heads in from close-range. LIVE:…
RT @BBCNews: How did China land a probe on the mysterious far side of the Moon? Our Science Editor @davidshukmanbbc will be answering your…
RT @bbcweather: Dry and chilly for now, but is there anything more dramatic in the forecast for the week ahead? Ben Rich has the details. n…
RT @BBCSport: HT: Man City 1-0 Liverpool Sergio Aguero's goal five minutes from the interval separates the sides. LIVE:
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Man City 1-0 Liverpool Sergio Aguero fires the home side into the lead from a tight angle! LIVE:
RT @BBCLookNorth: A North Yorkshire couple's plan to raffle their £500,000 home near Whitby has had to be called off because it's in breach…
How did China land a probe on the mysterious far side of the Moon? Our Science Editor @davidshukmanbbc will be answ…
Nancy Pelosi elected as Speaker of diverse US House
RT @BBCWorld: Nancy Pelosi elected as Speaker of diverse US House
RT @BBCSport: A Chelsea fan has been banned from attending football matches for three years after being found guilty of homophobic chants.…
Waitrose Food vegan row: William Sitwell joins Telegraph
RT @BBCWorld: Nancy Pelosi: The remarkable comeback of America's most powerful woman
RT @BBCSport: The countdown to kick-off is on. Follow the build-up to tonight's crucial game between Manchester City and Liverpool. It's…
RT @BBCNewsNI: 'A problem created in London' - Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on #Brexit and his chat with German Chancellor Angela Merkel
RT @BBCPolitics: MPs to discuss petition calling for mandatory TV election debates
I met my boyfriend 12 years after giving birth to his child
Hospitals 'coping better with winter'
The Greatest Dancer: Is there room for another dance show on TV?
RT @BBCSport: Man City boss Pep Guardiola says the Premier League title race "is over" for his side if they drop points against Liverpool t…
Men jailed after streaming joyride in bus
Army campaign targets 'snowflake' millennials
'My mum killed my dad with a hammer but I want her freed'
RT @BBCWorld: Pope Francis shows off his ball-twirling skills at the Vatican with a group of Cuban circus performers 😮 [Tap to expand] htt…
Abu Hamza's son facing firearms charge
RT @BBCWorld: A remarkable story
In pictures: London Zoo's animal census
Oxford Street terror attack plotter 'resisted' de-radicalisation
Brexit ferry firm Seaborne in terms and conditions gaffe
Apple shares fall almost 9% at US open
Ahmad Shah: Three convicted over BBC reporter's killing
US shutdown: Democrats to pass funding bills as they take control of House
Black Mirror: Bandersnatch star Will Poulter quits Twitter
RT @BBCWorldatOne: "It has left us more naked than we otherwise would have been...cancelling it has lessened our level of protection." Ex-S…
Pre-Aztec 'Flayed god' temple uncovered in Mexico
'Mysterious' smell gets up Tehran noses
Is a breath test key to detecting cancer?
Brexit: Farmers call for new law to guarantee food standards
Sir Billy Connolly: 'I don't fear death'
Dark side of the Moon: Music, myths and aliens
Sabarimala: India's Kerala paralysed amid protests over temple entry
Hospital thefts: 'Who would steal from my husband's body?'
RT @BBCWorld: The place where you can smash up cars for fun 🔨 [Tap to expand]
Fuel prices: MPs call for petrol price watchdog
Julia Grant: Transgender 'pioneer' dies aged 64
Jamal Khashoggi murder trial opens in Saudi Arabia
BBC presenter Alex Lovell's rape threat stalker jailed
Gaming worth more than video and music combined
Olivia Newton-John dismisses death rumours in video message
RT @BBCSport: It's the title holders against the current leaders. Is this the night where the Premier League title is won and lost?
Coachella: Childish Gambino, Ariana and Tame Impala on 2019 line-up
Matthew's experiment changed his family's attitude to sugar
Australia v India: Cheteshwar Pujara scores century as tourists dominate first day
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: 'I don't want to leave Man Utd'
Man City v Liverpool: A game which staggers under weight of its own significance
North Korea ambassador to Italy 'in hiding' says South
Hopman Cup: Britain's Katie Boulter & Cameron Norrie beat Serena Williams & Frances Tiafoe
Colombia coca production: US 'deeply concerned' by rise
News Daily: China's Moon landing and UK firms struggling to recruit staff
Abby Sunderland: Yacht abandoned in 2010 record attempt found
China's 'Jack the Ripper' Gao Chengyong executed for murders
Brexit deal provides certainty, Gove to tell farmers
Five charts showing why rail passengers resent fare hikes
Planet satellites get clear view of Anak Krakatau volcano
UK house prices: Will the value of your home change in 2019?
Labour shortages and slowing sales put squeeze on UK firms
Warming seas linked to bluefin tuna surge in UK waters
Bob Einstein: Curb Your Enthusiasm actor and comedy writer dies
Newspaper headlines: Javid 'calls Navy', and cancer breath test
Thursday’s Express: "Brace yourself for a no deal Brexit" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Thursday’s Daily Mail: "The cancer breathalyser" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Thursday’s Times: "Universities face credit crunch as debt spirals" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday’s Guardian: "Corbyn defies Labour calls to seek second referendum" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday’s i: "Cancer breath test trialled in the UK" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Thursday’s Mirror: "I feel my life slipping away... but I’m not scared" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday’s Daily Telegraph: "Javid calls on Navy to save lives in Channel" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday’s Financial Times: "Tesla tumbles as sales figures suggest tough year ahead" #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Thursday’s City AM: "German stock exchange boss pays €4.8m to settle probe" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Thursday’s Metro: "Even more of a crush hour on our trains" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @MsHelicat)
Gatwick drones: 'Military capability' withdrawn from airport
Two held over Channel 'migrant smuggling'
Newcastle United 0-2 Manchester United: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wins fourth game from four
Paul Whelan: US ambassador visits spy suspect held in Russia
Apple cites China as it cuts forecast
West Ham United 2-2 Brighton & Hove Albion: Arnautovic double rescues hosts
Chelsea 0-0 Southampton: Saints frustrate fourth-placed Blues at Stamford Bridge
Huddersfield 1-2 Burnley: Clarets beat 10-man hosts to move out of relegation zone
Cardiff City to investigate Craig Bellamy bullying claims
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Read about one boy's experiment that's helped his family eat less sugar
Nasa's New Horizons: 'Snowman' shape of distant Ultima Thule revealed
Speedboat date death: Jack Shepherd wins right to appeal
Murder arrest over New Year's Day Park Lane stabbing
WWE: Gene Okerlund, wrestling interviewer, dies at 76
David Cameron's parliamentary pass 'expires'
Plastic found in 'almost 100%' of Alderney's gannet nests
Camberwell stabbing: Victim named as Charlotte Huggins
Marmalade singer dies at the age of 72
How Doctor Who, Luther and The Inbetweeners fared on New Year
Jazmine Barnes: Texas drive-by gunman kills girl, seven
Plastic found in 'almost 100%' of Alderney island's gannet nests
Queer as folklore: A year of English customs
You may be surprised where your unwanted plastic ends up
Michael Schumacher: Family to celebrate on 50th birthday
Donald Trump shrugs off Mitt Romney's attack on his record
2019: The big things to look out for this year
Javid's 'strong message' to migrants as he joins Channel patrol vessel
RT @BBCSport: Steve Bruce has been named as the new manager of Sheffield Wednesday. Full story:
RT @BBCSport: Cardiff City are to investigate a bullying claim against Craig Bellamy, the club's under-18 coach. Full story:
Manchester stabbings: Suspect's family offers prayers for victims
Kirton house fire: Triple murder investigation under way
Brexit: Jeremy Hunt says UK 'can learn lessons' from Singapore
Chang'e-4: China mission primed for landing on Moon's far side
John Lewis Christmas Eve sales end year with a boost
Italy's Uffizi Gallery demands back Nazi-stolen painting
Women's toilets an issue for West End theatres
Female student climber dies after 500ft Ben Nevis fall
How can young people save on rail fares in 2019?
Cathay Pacific to honour $16,000 fares sold for $675
Are we going to get a 'pudding tax'?
Six things to look out for in health in 2019
New Year's Resolutions are, like rules, meant to be broken. You say you want a New Year's resolution...?
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: 🍬What are your views on the amount of sugar in the food we buy? 🥣How do you provide a balanced diet for your childre…
Russian doping: Wada chief 'bitterly disappointed' as deadline missed
The Indian men who make money selling trash
Grayling defends no-deal Brexit ferry contract
How do trans people choose their "new" name? 🏳️‍🌈 Hear how four people made this life-changing decision
The challenges facing the NHS in 2019
Train crash on Danish bridge kills six
Diabulimia: 'I've got my life and I've got my feet'
Mitt Romney: Trump has caused worldwide dismay
The firm whose staff are all autistic
Sabarimala: Indian women make history by entering temple
The pioneering medics who drove across the world to help Nepal
Kyle Edmund loses to world number 185 Yasutaka Uchiyama in Brisbane opener
News Daily: Rail fares rise and children's sugar worry
Australian police Google Maps blunder 'missed location of body'
Castro denounces US 'confrontation' as Cuba marks revolution
UK ticket-holder scoops £115m EuroMillions jackpot
Xi Jinping says Taiwan "must and will be" reunited with China
Forced marriage victims asked to pay rescue costs
RT @SallyBundockBBC: Happy New Year! The first #BBCTheBriefing of 2019. What are your expectations for 2019? Are you optimistic or worried…
Missed GP appointments 'cost NHS England £216m'
Netflix removes comedy episode after Saudi complaint
Rail fares rise by 3.1% in England and Wales
Federer and Williams: Tennis legends meet on court for first time
Children 'exceed recommended sugar limit by age 10'
Newspaper headlines: 'Panic on the platform'
Manchester stabbings suspect detained under mental health laws
Michael van Gerwen wins third PDC world championship darts title
Sharp rise in air crash deaths in 2018
Cardiff 0-3 Tottenham: Harry Kane, Christian Eriksen and Son Heung-min score in win
In pictures: London's New Year's Day Parade
Channel migrants: French police stop 14 at port
George Fawkes sent kangaroo toy replacements
Arsenal 4-1 Fulham: Gunners move two points behind fourth-placed Chelsea
Paul Whelan: Family deny American arrested in Moscow is spy
Bottrop: Four injured in Germany in New Year's Eve 'racist attack'
Loony Dookers chill out for New Year
Nasa probe survives distant flyby
RT @BBCEngland: New Year's Day dips attract England's hardy swimmers
Magnitogorsk: Baby found alive after block of flats explosion
French revellers spend New Year's Eve trapped on fair ride
RT @BBCBreaking: Manchester stabbing which injured three people being treated as "terrorist investigation", say police
Andy Murray makes winning return in Brisbane with defeat of James Duckworth
Manchester Victoria station stabbing: station re-opens
Hackney shooting: Woman injured at New Year club night
New Year 2019: US military apologises for bomb tweet
Hello 2019! From London to Sydney, fireworks filled the air – watch how the world celebrated the first moments of t…
Germany adopts third gender identity for intersex people
Cleaning product sales set to continue to rise in 2019
Manchester United: Sir Alex Ferguson returns to training ground
Jair Bolsonaro: Brazil's far-right leader to take office
Swansea City charging mascots Premier League prices
Entertainment quiz of 2018
The Iolaire disaster: The 'crowning sorrow of the war'
Why cheese is no longer my friend
How to sort your life out in 2019: January life hacks
Kim Jong-un warns of change in direction on denuclearisation
Recycling: Where is the plastic waste mountain?
Three things that could save the High Street
Brexit: How will it affect my holidays to Europe?
Archbishop Justin Welby calls for 'spirit of openness' in 2019
Energy price cap comes into force
Newspaper headlines: Javid 'backs down' and new hope for IVF couples
Manchester Victoria station stabbing: Three injured
UK can 'turn a corner' if MPs back Brexit deal, says May
Dr Hook's Ray Sawyer dies aged 81
In Pictures: New Year 2019 celebrations around the world
New Year celebrations: UK gets ready to welcome 2019
UK government responds to no-deal Brexit ferry concerns
Cat missing for five years reunited with 'elated' family
Venice to charge tourist entry fee for short stays
Hannah Bladon killing: Man jailed over student's murder
RT @BBCBreaking: Two UK Border Force boats to return from abroad to patrol Channel in response to migrants crossing - home secretary
RT @BBCWorld: Fireworks over Bangkok as Thailand welcomes in 2019 #HappyNewYear2019
Edinburgh torchlight procession creates giant Scotland map
RT @BBCWorld: Hong Kong brings in the new year with fireworks, lights and music centred on Victoria Harbour #HappyNewYear2019
Jimmy Osmond treated for stroke
Parkland school shooting survivors' anger at Louis CK routine
Pete Tong NYE 'balloon drop' cancelled after protests
Dozens missing in deadly Russia explosion in Magnitogorsk
RT @BBCWorld: From Tokyo to Pyongyang, celebrations as more countries mark the arrival of 2019 #HappyNewYear2019
Brexit: Corbyn warns of 'complete mess' in new year message
Global markets in worst year since 2008
US zoo intern fatally attacked by lion in North Carolina
Reality Check: How many people seek asylum in the UK?
RT @BBCWorld: Fireworks extravaganza over Sydney Harbour as Australia welcomes in 2019 #HappyNewYear2019
Iran TV chief sacked over uncensored Jackie Chan sex scene
RT @BBCLondonNews: New Year's Eve: Meet the team behind London's 2018 fireworks
Lady Gaga's Las Vegas residency debut is 'bizarre and beautiful'
RT @BBCWorld: Fireworks over Auckland as New Zealand welcomes in 2019 #HappyNewYear2019
Duterte: Outrage as Philippines president says he sexually abused maid
Severn Bridge shut as drone flown from the top
Russian security agency arrests 'US spy' in Moscow
Mother of the Hubble: Tributes paid to Nasa scientist
Brexit: US ambassador to UK Johnson warns on trade deal
Philippines deadly storm and landslides kill more than 60
Michael Simpson murder: Grandparents vow to keep siblings together
RT @danroan: 2018 - sport’s changing of the guard. Reflections on a year of change & challenge for some of sport’s most powerful figures…
Hammersmith stabbing leads to 39 attempted murder arrests
South Western Railway strike to hit New Year's Eve trains
Stevenage shed radio DJ ready for BBC local radio slot
Fishing: New EU rules could have 'grave' impact on UK industry
Syria conflict: Trump 'committed to defeating IS', says Lindsey Graham
Channel migrants: No easy answers to issue, says Javid
London violence: How a bloody night became a deadly year
Africa's year in pictures 2018
In search of Leonard, my martyred ancestor
2018 in news: The alternative end-of-the-year awards
Why legalising gay sex in India is not a Western idea
Councils 'failing' to prosecute blue badge abusers
Mexico wall: Trump aide says concrete wall idea was dropped early on
Bangladesh election: Sheikh Hasina wins new term as prime minister
The challenges facing Britain's new sporting leaders
The hottest business stories of 2018
Minority take up 'live-saving' free health check
Newspaper headlines: Javid under pressure and AJ shows his bruises
PDC World Darts Championship: Michael van Gerwen thrashes Gary Anderson to reach final
Susanna Dinnage changes mind on Premier League chief executive role
Man Utd 4-1 Bournemouth: Paul Pogba double as hosts win third in a row under Solskjaer
RT @danroan: Breaking: Susanna Dinnage tells Premier League she will NOT now be its new chief exec. PL: “Despite her commitment to the Prem…
Levi Bellfield linked to 'paedophile network'
RT @BBCSport: Half Time: Manchester United 3-1 Bournemouth. Paul Pogba scores twice to help Manchester United into a commanding lead at t…
No-deal Brexit ferry contract sparks concerns
Southampton 1-3 Man City: City cut gap on league leaders
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Manchester United 1-0 Bournemouth. It's all about the work down the right by Rashford! He leaves two defenders in his…
RT @BBCSport: FULL TIME. Burnley 2-0 West Ham. Goals from Wood and McNeil seal a well-deserved win for the home side. Live:
RT @BBCSport: FULL TIME. Southampton 1-3 Manchester City Job done by Pep Guardiola's side. Goals from David Silva, Sergio Aguero and a Jam…
RT @BBCSport: Bring it on 💪 2019 is another bumper sporting year to look forward to. 👉
Nasa's New Horizons: Excitement ahead of Ultima Thule flyby
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Southampton 1-3 Manchester City. Aguero is left unchallenged to head in from just outside the six-yard box to make it…
Bangladesh election: Opposition demand new vote
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Southampton 1-2 Manchester City. Sterling's attempted cross deflects off Ward-Prowse and McCarthy can't keep it out.…
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Southampton 1-1 Manchester City. Oleksandr Zinchenko is robbed deep in his own half. Pierre-Emile Højbjerg breaks for…
American college football: Huge bald eagle lands on fans
China says it is 'ready to work with US'
RT @BBCSport: Crystal Palace vs Chelsea ☑️ Burnley vs West Ham and Southampton vs Manchester City coming up! Follow live:
Crystal Palace 0-1 Chelsea: N'Golo Kante's goal sees off poor Eagles
RT @BBCSport: FT Crystal Palace 0-1 Chelsea N'Golo Kante's goal is the difference and sees Chelsea move five points clear of Arsenal. Re…
Dave Ward: Harlequins give hooker one-game ban for stamp but clear him of spitting
Georges Loinger: French hero who saved Jews in WW2 dies
Cameron Bancroft makes two on Big Bash return after ban for ball-tampering
RT @BBCWorld: 2018: A year in striking photos
Jennifer Saunders praises Whitfield's 'extraordinary grace'
RT @BBCSport: We're off! It's Crystal Palace v Chelsea in the first of four Premier League games today. LIVE: #CR…
Sporting highlights for 2019 - another bumper year to look forward to
Michael Simpson murder: Grandparents agree custody deal in China
RT @bbcweather: Here's a look ahead to New Year's Eve - dry for many. Helen
Kim Jong-un letter to Seoul asks for more summits in 2019
Channel migrants: Sajid Javid returns to UK to deal with situation
Singer Bessie Turner's crying selfie prompts talk plea
UFC 232: Jon Jones beats Alexander Gustafsson to reclaim light-heavyweight title
2018: BBC Tech's biggest stories and what happened next
Tributes paid to Dame June Whitfield
Morocco tourist murders: Swiss-Spanish national arrested
Italy budget: Parliament passes budget after EU standoff
Australia v India: Tourists win by 137 runs in Melbourne to take 2-1 lead into final Test
Calls to rid bacon and ham of processing nitrites
Liverpool have had Premier League near-misses but this time feels different
Child health record 'red book' to go online
'Brexit 50-50' if May's deal rejected, says Liam Fox
June Whitfield: A life in pictures
Grandparents should be taken on family holidays, says minister
Notable deaths of 2018
PDC World Darts Championship: Gary Anderson & Michael van Gerwen to meet in semi-finals
Reality Check: How does the government help first-time buyers?
Venezuela: The country that has lost three million people
Dinner for One: English comedy spices up German New Year
Rihanna, Ariana, The 1975 and more: The most anticipated new music of 2019
Bangladesh elections: Security on high alert ahead of polls
Vampires and veggie sausages in Foreign Office's oddest calls
Newspaper headlines: Javid flies home, and tributes to 'legend' June
Brazil gun laws: Bolsonaro vows to loosen ownership rules
Obituary: June Whitfield
Ab Fab's Dame June Whitfield dies aged 93
Liverpool 5-1 Arsenal: Roberto Firmino hits hat-trick as Jurgen Klopp's side thrash Arsenal
US-China trade: Trump touts progress in talks for deal
BBC issues formal complaint to Russia over staff data leak
Florida school shooting: New video shows 'blunders'
RT @BBCSport: GOAL! Liverpool 2-1 Arsenal What is happening!? Roberto Firmino puts Liverpool ahead, finishing after a fine solo run. Liv…
Leeds United 0-2 Hull City: Jarrod Bowen double helps Tigers beat Championship leaders
Airport shut after car driven near runway
What happened in the Premier League? Tottenham miss chance to narrow gap on Liverpool
Tottenham 1-3 Wolves: Spurs stunned by Wolves at Wembley
Latest: Police confirm one dead and 23 hurt in minibus crash in Scottish Borders
'At least 20' on board overturned minibus in Scottish Borders
RT @BBCSport: Here's how it's looking at half-time in the Premier League 👉
Rangers 1-0 Celtic: Brendan Rodgers suffers first Old Firm defeat
Cape Town race row erupts after 'black visitors cleared from beach'
'At least 20' on board overturned minibus in Scottish Borders
Abdullah Hassan, two-year-old boy in travel-ban row, dies in US
Ruth Strauss dies aged 46 as a result of rare lung cancer
RT @BBCNewsround: New Year Honours: What's the difference between CBE, OBE and MBE? 🏅
RT @BBCEngland: Strictly star AJ and his brother attacked at a nightclub
Army captain is first Briton to cross Antarctica solo
RT @BBCSport: Here are the line-ups as Rangers take on Celtic today in the Scottish Premiership - live text 👉
Strictly star AJ and his brother attacked at a nightclub
Margate mother in court charged with murdering twins
Premier League table: BBC Sport readers predict final 2018-19 positions
Egypt police 'kill 40 militants' in raids after tourist bus blast
Bre Payton, US conservative news writer, dies at 26
Gatwick drones: Sussex Police 'really sorry' for arrested couple
Restrictive job adverts 'put women off', says top female boss
The theatre shows you won't want to miss in 2019
DR Congo poll: Five things to know about the nation that powers mobile phones
UK to spend £108m on no-deal ferries
Australia v India: Tourists need two wickets to win third Test in Melbourne
New Year Honours: Alastair Cook and Bill Beaumont knighted
The breakthroughs that could save our lives
The five biggest fashion looks for spring 2019
Australian Open heat breaks: Players to get 10-minute break in extreme temperatures
Rangers v Celtic: Steven Gerrard says Rangers must bring 'A game'
Premier League predictions: Lawro v Wolf Alice bassist Theo Ellis
Channel migrants: Dover visit for minister amid 'crisis'
HMV to honour gift cards despite going into administration
Andy Murray: Briton still has pain in hip but feels better than last year
PDC World Darts Championship: Defending champion Rob Cross beaten by Luke Humphries
What went wrong on the High Street in 2018?
Putin's Russia: Icy Siberia reveals cracks in society
Yemen war: What will the new year hold?
On the streets of Birmingham helping homeless pets
A whole new world for free trade?
Fireworks banned on the Galapagos to protect wildlife
Norman Gimbel, award-winning lyricist, dies aged 91
Newspaper headlines: Honours for a 60s icon and 'ordinary heroes'
German female IS recruit 'let slave child die of thirst' in Iraq
New Year Honours 2019: Ex gang member on list for anti-crime work
John Redwood gets knighthood in New Year's Honours list
New Year Honours 2019: Divers honoured for Thai cave rescue
New Year Honours: Famous faces on the 2019 list
New Year Honours 2019: Twiggy, Michael Palin and Gareth Southgate on list
Fiona Onasanya: Peterborough MP 'to stay in Parliament'
Iceland crash: Family of Britons killed in crash 'horrified'
The Greatest Showman soundtrack beats Adele's UK album chart record
Pennsylvania cop ends armed standoff with White Christmas rendition
Tourist bus hit by blast at Egypt pyramids
RT @BBCBreaking: Casualties as tourist bus hit by blast near Cairo pyramids, Egyptian officials and media say
Tesla adds Larry Ellison to its board
RT @BBCBreaking: Rising number of migrants attempting to cross English Channel declared "major incident" by UK home secretary
Twelve adult male migrants detained off Dover coast
Trump threatens to shut Mexican border in demand for wall funding
RT: Russian station's chocolate Salisbury Cathedral gift slammed
Amos Oz: Acclaimed Israeli author dies at 79
Iceland crash: British people killed were two women and baby
HMV: Did streaming cause retailer to fail?
Syria war: Pro-government forces 'enter Manbij' amid Turkey threats
Couple has baby after Facebook group pays for IVF
Madagascar pochard: World's rarest bird gets new home
Music retailer HMV confirms it has called in KPMG as administrators
Huawei: China accuses UK of 'pride and prejudice'
Bandersnatch: Netflix's interactive Black Mirror film puts viewers in control
Fisherman who fell overboard clung on to nets for five miles
RT @BBCr4today: Will Angelina Jolie run for president one day? She says she can "get a lot done without a title" so "will stay quiet for no…
RT @BBCBreaking: Three men found guilty of murder after explosion at Leicester shop that killed five people
RT @BBCBreaking: Music retailer HMV poised to enter administration for the second time in six years, a move that would affect 2,200 staff h…
Peter Hill-Wood: Arsenal's former chairman has died at the age of 82
North Korea defector hack: Personal data of almost 1,000 leaked
Angelina Jolie hints at move into politics
The councils trying to save the High Street
Sydney Opal Tower: How could a crack form in a new building?
Sheikha Latifa: Mary Robinson 'backed Dubai version of events'
Arron Hough: Missing British cruise worker search suspended
Royal Mail criticised for D-Day stamp mix-up
National archives: When Margaret Thatcher met Gazza
Dame Vera Lynn threatened to pull out of D-Day 50th anniversary events
What awaits any Rohingya refugees who return to Myanmar?
New York awe-struck as sky over Queens turns blue
The Skripals and the Salisbury poisoning: What happened next?
The simple tips to improve your health
The booming trade in second-hand books
Hassan al-Kontar: Inside the story of his rescue from Syria
Tuition fees heading down in 2019?
Cold Feet: Learning from 'mistakes' of last series
How can the UK avoid another year of knife crime?
More than half a million potholes reported last year - RAC
Film 2019 will never be, as BBC drops long-running movie show
Maidstone murder charge after woman found dead
US shutdown impasse over Trump's wall drags on
'Why the time is right for Brexit origins story'
Newspaper headlines: Iceland crash and migrant warnings
Caerphilly family's presents stolen on Christmas Eve
More than 20 migrants detained in Kent
Vegans banned by Lewes pub during hunt
Outcry as Instagram tries horizontal scrolling
Stock markets resume downward slide
Tesco Rickmansworth 'hit-and-run' car recovered
Woman arrested over deaths of children in Margate
"The car was a total wreck" – tour guide describes the scene after a vehicle crashed while crossing a bridge in Ice…
Anak Krakatau tsunami: The moment a child was swept from her mum
Air Force One seen over Sheffield on secret journey
Musk seeks to dismiss Thai cave defamation claim
Three Britons killed in Iceland crash
Hundreds offer to rehome Snoop the abandoned dog
Aqib Imran: Learning difficulties student guilty of terror plan
Italian football fan dies amid Inter-Napoli clashes
Celebrity Big Brother: Roxanne Pallet incident tops 2018 Ofcom complaints
No-deal Brexit could put public at risk, warns Met chief
Sophie Wilson: Backpacker who broke neck back in UK
Bus crashes through fence and hits front of a house in south London
A horse-eye view of Oxford Street 🐎 🐎 🐎 [Tap to expand]
Andover house explosion: Man found dead
Tech became 'darker and more muddy' in 2018
Jurgen Klopp: 'Premier League will be a race to the final day'
Britain's ethnic workers face £3.2bn 'pay penalty'
Sydney Opal Tower: Residents forced to leave for second time
Anak Krakatau: Indonesia flights rerouted as volcano alert level raised
Huawei: 'Deep concerns' over firm's role in UK 5G upgrade
Boxing Day Test: Seven-year-old Archie Schiller becomes Australia captain for a day
Rwanda genocide: Habyarimana plane shooting probe dropped
The best science long reads of 2018 (part one)
How to resist 'drink pushers' during the festive season
Slime - it's a slippery business
Focusmate: Watched over while I worked from home
Florida school shooting: What happened next?
Striking photojournalism from around the UK
British cruise entertainer Arron Hough missing overboard
Miley Cyrus confirms marriage to Liam Hemsworth
Parking fees rise at many hospitals in 2017-18, analysis finds
Plastic bag fee 'to double to 10p' and include every shop
Newspaper headlines: 'Sickening betrayal' over NHS parking fees
US stock markets rally after pre-Christmas slump
Tony Carroll: Tributes to man killed in Liverpool police car crash
Trump visits US troops in Iraq
American man finishes solo race across Antarctica
Liverpool 4-0 Newcastle: Reds six points clear at the top
Casper and Corey Platt-May deaths: Coventry driver found dead in cell
Rickmansworth Tesco: Worker broke back in 'hit and run'
Lost teddy gets fast-tracked home in time for Christmas 🧸
RT @BBCSport: Leeds don't do dull games. Another day, another late Kemar Roofe winner. This time Blackburn Rovers were the victims. More…
RT @BBCSport: Six points clear! #LFC extended their lead at the top thanks to a 4-0 win over Newcastle. More: htt…
RT @BBCSport: Tottenham are up to second in the Premier League after another goal-fest. This time at home to Bournemouth. More:
RT @BBCSport: Ricardo Pereira's late strike condemned Manchester City to a second successive defeat as Leicester took all three points. M…
RT @BBCSport: A double from Paul Pogba helped Manchester United to a stylish victory over the Premier League's bottom side Huddersfield.…
RT @BBCWorld: A ceremony has been held as part of a project to reconnect transport links between North and South Korea, almost 70 years aft…
RT @BBCSport: Cristiano Ronaldo's late equaliser maintained Juventus' unbeaten Serie A record as they salvaged a draw with Atalanta. More:…
TV art historian and nun Sister Wendy Beckett dies at 88
RT @BBCNewsbeat: 2018 has been quite a year - and it's all there in our most used words of the past 12 months 🐷
RT @BBCSport: Fulham manager Claudio Ranieri rued the missed opportunity to claim all three points but praised his side for the improvement…
Boxing Day sales: Footfall down for third year, analysts say
RT @BBCWorld: Afghan presidential election delayed by three months
RT @BBCWorld: "It’s a kind of gymnastics on concrete" Why parkour's leading lady Silke Sollfrank chose freerunning over Olympic dreams ht…
A mum whose photo of the Royals went viral last Christmas does it again with a snap of Meghan stroking her bump…
.@LFC footballer Trent Alexander-Arnold brings Christmas cheer to 60 families from underprivileged backgrounds…
Queen tops Christmas Day TV viewing
RT @bbcweather: We've squeezed one more day out of the #AdventCalendar ... with the bloopers version!
UK couple die within hours of each other in Australia
Pantomime is a popular Christmas treat for families in the UK. But how do you explain the theatrical tradition to a…
Three English Channel 'migrants' brought ashore
'Wrong to ignore' ethnicity of grooming gangs - Home Secretary Sajid Javid says
RT @BBCr4today: Are we using the wrong labels for terrorists and criminals? Award-winning author @kamilashamsie says conflating their actio…
RT @BBCSport: 18 times the admins deserved a pay-rise in 2018 👏👏👏 👉 #socialmedia
RT @BBCFergusWalsh: Scientists in Cambridge build virtual reality model of cancer as new way to study disease. htt…
'Trash Girl' Nadia Sparkes defies bullies to go global
RT @BBCWorld: Seven-year-old Collman left iced sugar biscuits and chocolate milk out for Santa, even after speaking to Donald Trump who thr…
RT @BBCBreakfast: Last Christmas Riku and Kai were trapped in tiny cages... this year they're getting their first Christmas presents 🎁❤️ @…
Rake attacker Stephen Leonard revealed as 1979 child killer
RT @BBCSport: 'I broke a 24-hour ultrarunning world record fuelled by tacos and beer'. Camille Herron is incredible. Read her story:
RT @BBCr4today: Ignoring ethnicity in crime would give extremists "oxygen", Home Secretary @sajidjavid tells @kamilashamsie. "That is exact…
RT @BBCr4today: The UK is "a lot stronger and richer because of immigration", Home Secretary @sajidjavid tells @kamilashamsie. "I'm a big f…
RT @davidshukmanbbc: Japan whale hunting: Commercial whaling to restart in July
Boxing Day Family Puzzler 2018
What films will you be watching in 2019?
Art look-ahead in 2019: What to look out for
2018: The year in business - from K-pop to soybeans
The dogs without a home for Christmas 🐶
'Thanks for your loved one's organ'
King George VI Chase: Kempton big race - focus on runners and riders
Mount Etna: New 4.8-magnitude earthquake hits Sicily
Boxing Day hunts: Labour pledges tougher laws
Japan whale hunting: Commercial whaling to restart in July
Girl in Trump call still believes in Santa
Are you ready to break up with your phone?
Mary Poppins Returns: The story behind the soundtrack
Ten big science stories of 2018
The Thai cave rescue: What happened next?
Finding God in the anguish of violence
Jeremy Hunt orders review into persecuted Christians' plight
Tories accused over Boxing Day 'rail standstill'
Syria military says Israel strikes hit Damascus weapons depot
'Virtual tumour' new way to see cancer
Newspaper headlines: Kate and Meghan display 'peace and goodwill'
Man dies after being hit by police car in Liverpool
Argentine woman abducted in 1980s freed in Bolivia
Jurgen Klopp: Liverpool boss says no extra pressure on Premier League leaders
Thousands raised for workers laid off from Kaiam factory
Migrant caravan: Boy dies after being held at Mexico-US border
Strictly Christmas special: Aston Merrygold jive wows judges
Indonesia tsunami: New warning system 'to be built next year'
"Faith, family and friendship have been not only a constant for me, but a source of comfort and reassurance" The Q…
RT @BBCNewsNI: The amazing model railway hidden away underground in east Belfast
RT @BBCBreakfast: 🐶🐱 Got some left overs? Giving them to your pets isn't the best idea! Peter Wright from @theyorkshirevet has some top ti…
Thailand approves medicinal cannabis
RT @BBCWorld: Thailand approves medicinal cannabis
RT @BBCWorld: "Our differences are not a detriment or a danger - they are a source of richness" - Pope Francis calls for peace in conflict…
RT @BBCBreakfast: We could all take a leaf out of Mike's book ⬇️ He set up @_bfriend to help older people less lonely #Christmas #Christmas…
Penguins and elephant seals 🐧🎄 this is Christmas at 'the end of the world' 👉
RT @BBCSport: Christmas parties provide the perfect excuse to dress up... And it turns out professional footballers love dressing up! Can…
Pope Francis urges peace in conflict zones in Christmas address
#DuvetKnowItsChristmas: The odd places we sleep at Christmas
Peter Pan Cup: Hyde Park swimmers brave the cold for Christmas race
RT @BBCEngland: Why we are working on Christmas Day
RT @bbc5live: 🎄How do you cook the perfect roast? 🎄Can you get drunk on Christmas pudding? 🎄How do you avoid festive family feuds? The Nak…
Why we are working on Christmas Day
RT @BBCWalesNews: 'Pause, reflect on what we do and what effect it has'
RT @BBCWorld: "Joie de vivre" ❤️ Meet the man giving out giant teddy bear cuddles just to raise a smile 🐻😀 [Tap to expand]
Royal Family attend Sandringham Christmas church service
RT @BBCWorld: Christmas wishes from across the globe! 🎄🎅✨ Photo gallery 👉
Why are more boys than girls born every single year?
Wilham Mendes: Boys charged with murder of boxer
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May praises Armed Forces in Christmas message
RT @BBCEngland: Thirteen migrants rescued off coast of Walmer in Kent
RT @BBCNews: UK now has systems to combat drones - Ben Wallace
RT @BBCNews: Penguins and elephant seals: Christmas at the end of the world
RT @BBCNews: Trump to boy: Do you believe in Santa?
Thirteen migrants rescued off coast of Walmer in Kent
Japan's Nikkei index slides amid US uncertainty
RT @BBCWorld: Indonesia's disaster agency says at least 429 people are now known to have died in the tsunami caused by Anak Krakatau volcan…
Abbas Edalat: British professor returns to UK after detention in Iran
RT @BBCBreakfast: Unwrapped all your 🎁🎁? Now it's time to work out what you CAN recycle and what you CAN'T ⬇️ #ChristmasDay #recycle
RT @BBCNews: Church leaders' Christmas messages highlight poverty and homelessness
Church leaders' Christmas messages highlight poverty and homelessness
Afghan government compound attack kills 43
Stockton 'lacerations' death: Two charged with murder
Crowd-funded 'Pixel' boat starts yacht record bid
Trump to boy: Do you believe in Santa?
Penguins and elephant seals: Christmas at the end of the world
Edmonton shooting murder: Family 'do not want vengeance'
UK now has systems to combat drones - Ben Wallace
Chestnut-killing wasp threatens major harvest
Reality Check: Do you sleep worse at Christmas?
Spending Christmas in the World of Warcraft
When Donald met Kim: What happened next?
What do you know about Christmas dinner?
Hot tub hack reveals washed-up security protection
Mexico governor killed in air crash
Saudis 'helped citizen in Oregon hit-and-run case flee US'
In pictures: World celebrates Christmas
Pope Francis condemns world of materialism and poverty
Police officer buys stranded family Christmas gifts
Kevin Spacey: Actor charged with sexual assault in Massachusetts
Baby named after officers who took woman to hospital
Chris Evans signs off from @BBCRadio2 with emotional farewell [Tap to expand]
Italy circumcision kills toddler, with one man charged
Fake Catholic priest unmasked in Spain after 18 years
Trump says Fed is 'the only problem' of US economy
Gatwick drone arrest couple feel 'completely violated'
RT @BBCSport: Can Might Bite bounce back? Your guide to jump racing's festive special - the King George VI Chase at Kempton:
LeBron James apologises for 'Jewish money' Instagram post
Indonesia tsunami: Death toll from Anak Krakatau volcano rises
Car ploughs into group in Liverpool leaving man seriously hurt
Swiss lotto draw chaos denies jackpot winner million
Lennie James remembers 'dread' of first Christmas in care
Daniel Rotariu: Acid attack victim to sue Leicestershire Police
Angel of the North dons Santa hat
Bigger discounts expected as shops try to boost sales
Sydney Opal Tower: Thousands evacuated after 'crack'
RBS applies for German banking licence ahead of Brexit
Huawei's kit removed from emergency services 4G network
Christmas traffic: Delays warning as half of all drivers on roads
Rafael Benitez: Newcastle surviving in the Premier League would be 'miracle'
WW2 mince pies found under Isle of Man hotel floorboards
The boy hearing Christmas for the first time [Tap to expand]
Pompeii horse found still wearing harness
Ministers to discuss Gatwick drone drama as suspects released
Stone-throwing boys join Santa sleigh charity as apology
RT @BBCSport: England winning a penalty shootout, Man City's centurions, Neuer going walkabout... And so much more! Rank the most memorab…
Edmonton shooting murder: Two arrested
Chris Dawson: Husband in podcast mystery released on bail
Yanxi Palace: The most Googled show on Earth
Mnuchin calls big US banks after huge stock market falls
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe: Sadiq Kahn in Iran jail release call
Anak Krakatau: Volcanologist explains Indonesia eruption images
Everton 2-6 Tottenham: 'How Pochettino methods have put Tottenham in the title race'
2018 Quiz Of The Year Part 4
Guide dogs: Where do they really come from?
The Spiderman of Paris: What happened next?
Goodwill message 'needed as much as ever', says Queen
Mauricio Pochettino: Tottenham will not be distracted by Premier League talk
Newspaper headlines: Queen's speech and Gatwick probe criticism
US shutdown could stretch into January, Trump aide warns
What next for Josh Warrington, Dillian Whyte and Carl Frampton? - Bunce, Costello & Hearn
Argentina radio host ordered to have feminists on show
Birmingham Airport in 'air traffic control fault'
Fears of new Indonesia tsunami as Anak Krakatau volcano seethes
Syria conflict: Macron criticises Trump's withdrawal decision
RT @bbcweather: A settled spell for Christmas week but how's it shaping up for New Year? Phil has the #WeatherForTheWeekAhead
Everton 2-6 Tottenham Hotspur
"How a new hobby helped me heal, raise thousands for charity, win awards, and find love again" 🧶💖…
Premiership: Wasps 14-24 Bath - Freddie Burns leads visitors to victory
Trump names acting defence secretary
RT @BBCBreaking: Donald Trump announces dep defence secretary Shanahan as acting Pentagon chief following James Mattis's resignation
RT @BBCWorld: No signs, no warnings and it hit in the middle of the night - survivors in Indonesia describe the moment a tsunami crashed th…
RT @BBCSport: Michael Conlan made it 10 wins from 10 professional fights by beating Jason Cunningham on points at the Manchester Arena on S…
UNiDAYS founder denies sexual harassment claims
Josh Warrington beats Carl Frampton and eyes US unification bouts
Aston Villa 2-3 Leeds United: Whites come from two goals down to go top of Championship
'Super Saturday' fails to boost retailers
Sussex police say they "can't stress enough the impact" of media reports on couple questioned over Gatwick drone di…
Lord Ashdown was 'simply Paddy' in Norton-sub-Hamdon
St Johnstone 1-2 Rangers: Alfredo Morelos double takes Ibrox side into second
The man who sued over a lack of Christmas cheer
Der Spiegel 'fake news' reporter could faces charges
RT @bbcweather: Outdoor plans for Christmas Eve? Check out our 60 second forecast. MC
RT @BBCBreaking: Police investigating Gatwick Airport disruption say damaged drone has been found and is being forensically examined
The holiday village run by spies
Friends send 533 gift bags to 'lonely' US elderly
RT @BBCWorld: "No power, no running water, people are taking what they can from the rubble to get through the next few days" - BBC’s Indone…
RT @BBCBreaking: Pair questioned over drone sightings that closed Gatwick airport released without charge, Sussex Police say
RT @BBCBreaking: At least 222 people have died, and more than 800 are injured in Indonesia tsunami, officials now say Live updates:
Migrants in boat stopped off Boulogne
Banksy's Port Talbot snow mural attacked by 'drunk halfwit'
Peter Schmeichel: Ex-Man Utd keeper considering applying for director role
RT @BBCPolitics: “You couldn’t help but admire someone who had such enormous energy... What you saw you got, and a great deal more as well”…
RT @BBCWorld: "There was no warning it was going to hit" - at least 168 people have been killed and 745 injured after a tsunami hit the coa…
RT @BBCNews: Homelessness: Thousands sleeping rough in cars, Crisis says
Four-day week: 'Time is one of the best gifts of all'
RT @BBCPolitics: "He was by a long way the most important friend and mentor... I will miss him terribly" - Sir Nick Clegg pays tribute to f…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Charismatic, strong, idealistic" Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable pays tribute to former leader Paddy Ashdown, who has die…
Man City 2-3 Crystal Palace: The day Palace stormed the Etihad fortress
RT @BBCBreaking: A tsunami linked to the erupting Krakatoa volcano in Indonesia has killed at least 62 people, with 584 injured
PDC World Darts Championship: Gary Anderson and Michael van Gerwen through
Charlie Edwards outpoints Cristofer Rosales to claim WBC world flyweight title
Homelessness: Thousands sleeping rough in cars, Crisis says
Vietnamese illegal immigrants: Eight teenagers still missing
Dillian Whyte knocks out Dereck Chisora and calls out Anthony Joshua
The Christmas card I could never reply to
Josh Warrington beats Carl Frampton to retain IBF world featherweight title
The BBC website's best-read stories of 2018
Get in debt or turn down job? Universal Credit's 'stark choice'
'Volcano tsunami' hits Indonesia after Krakatoa eruption
Newspaper headlines: Gatwick drone probe and Lord Ashdown death
Banksy's 'Season's Greetings' protected with plastic
Man Utd: Paul Pogba thanks Jose Mourinho for helping him 'improve as a person'
Obituary: Paddy Ashdown
Ex-Lib Dem leader Paddy Ashdown dies aged 77
US shutdown: Congress renews talks with little early progress
Cardiff 1-5 Manchester United: Reds rampant in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's first game
Real Madrid 4-1 Al Ain: Spanish giants win Club World Cup again
RT @bbcweather: How's the weather shaping up for #ChristmasDay and beyond? Sarah Keith-Lucas has the #WeatherForTheWeekAhead
Celtic 3-0 Dundee: Mikey Johnston scores twice in easy win
Premier League: Man City lose to Crystal Palace, Chelsea also beaten
Exeter Chiefs 31-13 Saracens: Premiership champions' unbeaten start ended at Sandy Park
RT @BBCWorld: Alba is back in the wild ❤️️ She's the world's only recorded albino orangutan, discovered in 2017 in a desperate state
Chelsea 0-1 Leicester City: Chelsea stunned by Leicester and Jamie Vardy winner
Man City 2-3 Crystal Palace: Andros Townsend scores stunning goal in victory
US envoy quits over Trump Syria pullout
Backflip FBI agent avoids jail over accidental bar shooting
'Yellow vests': Scattered demonstrations seen in France
Brexit: Remainers criticise Corbyn's pledge to pursue leaving the EU
Seal pup found in Terrington St Clement back garden
Gatwick drones: Man and woman from Crawley held
Arsenal 3-1 Burnley: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang double sees Arsenal keep pressure on top four
Darren Criss will no longer play LGBT characters
RT @bbcworldservice: Imagine singing on a programme broadcast all around the world... and only finding out seconds before it starts that yo…
RT @BBCRadio4: What were the origins of mulled wine? Which Christmas brew was used to ward off disease? And where did the name 'sherry' com…
Police say two people arrested over Gatwick drone disruption are a 47-year-old man and a 54-year-old woman
RT @BBCSport: Vincent Kompany has said Manchester homelessness is "shameful" and that he is determined to do his bit to help. Read more he…
RT @bbcweather: Great #cloud spotting! Kelvin-Helmholtz clouds form when the wind is faster higher up than lower down, so the tops of the c…
RT @BBCr4today: Gatwick drone disruption "was an attack" and could happen again says security expert @PhilipIngMBE. "The police are saying…
Cameron Bancroft: Australia opener almost quit to teach yoga
PDC World Darts Championship: Gerwyn Price loses to Nathan Aspinall; Van Den Bergh through
🎶 We built this city on sausage rolls... 🎶 A "big thank-you to the UK" from the family behind 2018's Christmas nu…
What are your rights if you've been affected by Gatwick drone disruption? @SimonCalder explains Latest:…
RT @BBCNews: Demi Lovato says she is 'sober' and 'lucky to be alive'
Gareth Southgate: What we learned from England boss on Match of the Day
RT @BBCNews: The vets who treat poorly animals at Christmas
RT @BBCNews: Robert Dawes: Drugs 'kingpin' jailed for 22 years
RT @BBCNews: Gatwick drones: Two arrested over flight disruption
RT @BBCNews: Can 'Super Saturday' save Christmas?
George Osborne: Conservatives must adapt to stay in power
Demi Lovato says she is 'sober' and 'lucky to be alive'
The vets who treat poorly animals at Christmas
Guacho: Dissident Colombian leader killed by security forces
Robert Dawes: Drugs 'kingpin' jailed for 22 years
Michael Kovrig arrest: Canadian held in China 'not allowed to turn lights off '
Can 'Super Saturday' save Christmas?
Gatwick drones: Two arrested over flight disruption
Obituary: Rwanda's Zura Karuhimbi, who saved dozens from genocide
Jose Mourinho: Man Utd forward Alexis Sanchez denies making bet on sacking
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Man Utd interim boss says he'll 'use the hairdryer'
US stocks suffer worst week in a decade
Gatwick disruption: Chernobyl children land in time for Christmas
Saturday's Guardian: "Vaccine sceptics linked to doubling of measles cases" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday's Times: "Grayling put drone law on hold before flight chaos" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Saturday's Mirror: "I nearly lost £76m Lott" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Saturday's Daily Mail: "Catch me if you can" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Saturday's Telegraph: "Rudd blast at 'ghastly' EU chief Juncker" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Saturday's i: "Net closes on Gatwick drone pilot" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Saturday's Financial Times: "Markets head for grim year end" #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
RT @BBCBusiness: How Instagram influencers would tackle the retail crisis
RT @bbcweather: Heavy showers continue to push eastwards. Showers will become confined mainly to the northwest later tonight. CF
RT @BBCBusiness: Could 'Super Saturday' save Christmas trade?
RT @BBCSport: Alexis Sanchez has denied he made a £20,000 bet with Marcos Rojo about Jose Mourinho being sacked #MU…
Northern Rail: The most cancelled rail line in the UK?
Innocence Project: Carer cleared of sex assault 'treated like monster'
Thames Estuary ship's crew locked in bridge amid 'threats from stowaways'
RT @BBCBreaking: Flights resume after latest Gatwick Airport suspected drone sighting Live updates:
#LadBaby's sausage roll song is Christmas number one 🎶
RT @BBCNews: Can British pantomime make it in the Big Apple? [Tap to expand]
Can British pantomime make it in the Big Apple? [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCBreaking: Flights at Gatwick suspended again due to new "suspected drone sighting", spokesman says
Hamilton remix stars Barack Obama as George Washington
RT @BBCScotlandNews: A service has taken place to remember the 270 victims of the Lockerbie bombing #Lockerbie30 ht…
Doctor lay dead in Birmingham hospital storeroom for two days
Banksy: Thousands make Christmas pilgrimage to Port Talbot art
Mohamed Salah invites blind Liverpool fan to Melwood after watching viral video
'Black Eye Friday' or 'Mad Friday': Is it time for the nickname to change?
Queen Carter: What's really on the Beyonce album 'leaks'?
Raheem Sterling: Police interview person in alleged racial abuse claim
Miley Cyrus gives Santa Baby feminist lyrics: 'I can buy my own damn stuff'
Borneo's Albino orangutan released back into the wild
Gatwick drone shutdown: Police identify 'persons of interest'
Allyson Felix: Six-time Olympic champion reveals she gave birth to daughter prematurely
Christmas traffic: Where to avoid on the roads and rail
Kathy Griffin calls out all-male comedy rich list
Trump vows 'very long' government shutdown over border wall
Mars: Pictures reveal 'winter wonderland' on the red planet
Travel warning as millions begin Christmas getaway
Gatwick disruption: How will police catch the drone menace?
Man Utd: Roy Keane says players 'got away with murder'
RT @BBCWorld: 'Catastrophic' hail storm hits Australia
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Barack Obama lends his voice to the hit musical Hamilton
RT @BBCWorld: Trump's erratic foreign policy course
Wreaths laid as service marks Lockerbie bombing 30th anniversary
Gatwick drone disruption - flights resume as runway reopens • 837 flights scheduled for today • 155 flights have b…
RT @BBCWorld: Guitarist plays through brain surgery 🎸🎶
RT @BBCNewsEnts: Two new albums from @Beyonce? Afraid not.
Ben Stokes: England all-rounder can still be a role model, says ECB chief
Boston builder Andrew Clark revealed as £76m EuroMillions winner
RT @BBCScotland: Services are to be held in Scotland and the US to remember the victims of the Lockerbie bombing 30 years on.
Tax junk food high in sugar and salt, says top doctor
India man held for rape of British woman in Goa
RT @VictoriaLIVE: ‘It’s bizarre isn’t it,’ says @LadBabyOfficial The YouTube star is in contention for Christmas Number One with his song…
RT @BBCWorld: This is Zeal Akaraiwai - the 'angel' who secretly pays patients' hospital bills
RT @BBCNewsbeat: "My son spent his first Christmas in a homeless hostel."
Firms told to prepare for no-deal #Brexit
2-year-old boy 'castrated' after surgeons operate on wrong testicle
RT @BBCWorld: In July, the world watched as a group of Thai boys were dramatically rescued from a cave One of their rescuers - Briton Vern…
Man Utd: Boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has not discussed permanent role
RT @BBCr4today: Transport Sec Chris Grayling on compensation for those affected by Gatwick disruption: "This is something that should be co…
RT @BBCBusiness: "In terms of UK lost productivity we're talking tens of millions now... there's an impact on Gatwick's profit - about £350…
Beefeaters strike at Tower of London over pensions change
RT @BBCr4today: Why couldn't the drones which brought Gatwick to a standstill be shot down? Transport Sec Chris Grayling says: "There aren'…
President Trump 'to pull thousands of troops' from Afghanistan
RT @BBCBenThompson: You're NOT entitled to compensation if your flight is cancelled from Gatwick - but there is some help available. Here's…
RT @BBCBreakfast: This is how @billtu and @stephenfry are helping to save the lives of men with prostate cancer: #TurnbullFryeffect #prosta…
RT @BBCr4today: Drone disruption at Gatwick is "unlikely" to be from foreign actors says Transport Sec Chris Grayling. "I don't want to spe…
RT @BBCLondonNews: The secret life of plants - 10 new species found by @kewgardens this year
RT @bbcweather: Cloudy and often damp for central & northern England, N Wales and N Ireland, a few showers for Scotland & S Wales elsewhere…
RT @BBCBreakfast: 🙈 Ooops! #FridayFeeling @louiseminchin @jonkay01
RT @BBCr4today: Should the Taliban be part of Afghan's government? Head of UK armed forces, general Sir Nick Carter says it is a "tribal pr…
RT @BBCr4today: The last 36 hours shows more work is needed to counter drones, says Gatwick Airport COO Chris Woodroffe. No commercial solu…
RT @BBCSport: She describes surviving a 170mph crash a 'miracle'. Now Formula 3 driver Sophia Florsch is targeting becoming the first fema…
RT @BBCSteveR: Criticism in the Russian press of Putin’s end-of-year press conference. One paper calls it “a stage production...with Putin…
RT @BBCLondonNews: Beefeaters strike at Tower of London over pensions change
"There are a range of measures which are there today which should give passengers confidence that they are safe to…
"We've made a lot of progress overnight" - Assistant Chief Constable Steve Barry says police are following a number…
RT @BBCBreaking: Gatwick reopens after drone chaos causes airport to shut down but passengers told to check before travelling
Boris Johnson 'cleared of breaking Tory rules' over burka comments
Tax junk food high in sugar and salt, says top doctor
2018 Quiz Of The Year Part 1
Have waits for GP appointments got longer?
'Intimacy plus': Is that what makes podcasts so popular?
Christmas dinner: When turkey comes with Chinese noodles or jollof rice
RT @BBCPolitics: Justice Secretary @DavidGauke says he would be "very surprised" if Theresa May pursued a no deal #Brexit - and it would be…
RT @BBCMaryam: As Gatwick airport reopens what’s your take on how the authorities have handled this? Shld use of drones by members of the p…
How can a drone cause so much chaos?
A China Eastern Airlines flight from Shanghai has landed at #Gatwick Airport's North Terminal. Another plane was se…
RT @BBCBreaking: London's #Gatwick Airport reopens amid continuing Christmas travel chaos Landings still restricte…
RT @MishalHusainBBC: Gatwick: runway is now open BUT departures & landings restricted so disruption will continue. Passengers being advised…
@BBCBreaking Over at Belfast International Airport, some flights have been cancelled as a result of a drones incide…
RT @BBCBreaking: #Gatwick disruption: Runway currently available, limited number of aircraft scheduled for departure and arrival, officials…
News Daily: Gatwick drone latest and US defence secretary quits
Brexit: David Gauke doubts PM would back no-deal
Services mark Lockerbie bombing 30th anniversary
Why Australians are celebrating 'gravy day'
Gatwick drone search enters third day
Ghosn: Auto tycoon re-arrested on new charges
'Drunk tanks' to ease NHS pressure
RT @BBCEarth: An inquisitive otter cub in Shetland, Scotland #EarthCapture by @shetlandnature
RT @bbcworldservice: London's Gatwick airport disruption continues into Friday as drone is seen again, so could shooting it down work?
Eddie the sea otter: Famous slam-dunking animal dies
The 'angel' who secretly pays patients' hospital bills
Deal or no deal? EU bewildered by Brexit confusion
The secret life of plants: Ten new species found this year
Newspaper headlines: Chaos of the Gatwick 'speck in the sky'
Slack 'bans users' who have visited US sanctioned countries
RT @BBCTech: Slack 'bans users' who have visited US sanctioned countries
Friday’s Metro: Seek and Destroy #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Express: Just how can drone maniac shut Gatwick? #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Mail: How could this speck in the sky ruin Christmas for 350,000? #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Friday’s Times: Army called in as drones force Gatwick shutdown #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
Friday’s Guardian: Gatwick chaos sparks call for new controls on drones #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
RT @BBCBreaking: “You have the right to have a defence secretary whose views are better aligned with yours,” Jim Mattis tells US President…
US Defence Secretary Mattis to quit
RT @BBCBreaking: US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis to retire at the end of February, President Donald Trump says
RT @BBCBreaking: Passengers are not to travel to Gatwick unless advised to by their airlines, airport chief says Live updates:
Friday’s FT: China accused of global cyber offensive to steal trade secrets #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via…
Friday’s Telegraph: Eco-warriors blamed for drone attack that crippled Gatwick #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (vi…
Friday’s i: Chaos in the skies #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers (via @hendopolis)
RT @BBCBreaking: Gatwick to remain closed for the rest of Thursday, and Friday's situation is "fluid", airport chief says
Follow latest updates on Gatwick disruption:
😬 Couple due to marry on Saturday face second night at Gatwick Airport because of drone chaos
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Scotland's wildcats on brink of extinction in the wild, reveals DNA study
RT @bbcemt: Check out this personal trainer, who's paralysed from the armpits down, doing some serious pull-ups. 💪 Robert Ghahremani is ca…
"I don't live day to day, I live hour to hour" Broken by benefits: Life in one of the towns hardest hit by UK welf…
Centrica in legal challenge to energy price cap
RT @BBCPM: Drones: "There's been complacency about this issue, not just today... but also over the last few years" Labour Peer @LordTobySay…
RT @BBCPolitics: 🎅🏼 THE #BREXITCAST CHRISTMAS SPECIAL IS HERE!!! 🎅🏼 🎧 @BBCSounds | @bbc5live
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Manchester United boss will 'get players enjoying football' again
Putin: Voters' choices of Trump and Brexit 'disrespected'
Westminster attack: Parliament gates 'need to be constantly armed'
German airports on alert amid spying reports at Stuttgart
Gatwick Airport: Army called in amid drone chaos
The words we mispronounced in 2018
Government "temporarily lifting night-flight restrictions" at other London airports to help more planes get to UK -…
"Every time Gatwick tries to reopen the runway, the drones reappear" - Transport Secretary Chris Grayling describes…
Second child death prompts inquiry into Manchester care home
US boy meets scientist Martyn Poliakoff in Nottingham
RT @BBCPolitics: Disruption at Gatwick Airport is caused by "illegal activity", says Theresa May, and she's consulting on new powers for po…
RT @BBCPolitics: They've blocked bridges, closed roads and glued themselves to the gates of Downing Street, all in the name of stopping cli…
An early present for Home Alone fans 🎁 Macaulay Culkin recreates some of the Christmas movie's most famous scenes…
US charges 'China government hackers'
RT @BBCPolitics: "She must enact the will of the people... otherwise it is not a referendum at all" Vladimir Putin's advice to UK PM There…
Police in "ongoing discussions" with army about drones causing disruption at Gatwick Airport - Ministry of Defence…
RT @bbcweather: There are chances over the next few days of seeing nacreous (Mother of Pearl) clouds, but the better chance starts from Sun…
Fans' delight at Macaulay Culkin recreating some of Home Alone's most famous scenes (but only for an advert)…
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: This year's Christmas number one is announced on 21 December. But which artists are the reigning Christmas champions?…
Reality Check: Has it been the worst November for retailers?
RT @BBCSport: "Embarrassed" Arsenal say they have identified the individual who threw a bottle at Dele Alli.
"The activity we have seen is illegal" - UK PM Theresa May says people responsible for flying drones over Gatwick A…
@Gatwick_Airport Disrupted by drone sightings at Gatwick Airport? What are your rights?
Banker guilty of murdering sex worker with a pestle
Morocco murders: Three arrested over 'bestial' tourist killings
Children's toys: The backlash against pink and blue branding
@Gatwick_Airport Airline source tells BBC that flights to and from Gatwick Airport are currently cancelled until at…
RT @bbcweather: 🌩️⚡️Dark storm clouds over the Sydney Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge today. Jo
Gatwick drone disruption - flights cancelled up to at least 16.00 today, @Gatwick_Airport says Live updates:…
'Pathetic' Kiev Christmas tree divides social media
RT @BBCPolitics: UK PM Theresa May speaks Polish as she tells Britain's Poles "you can stay, and we want you to stay" after #Brexit More:…
RT @BBCSteveR: For nearly four hours I held up my “BBC” sign, but I wasn’t given a question. But there is a bright side: I’ve built up sign…
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Man Utd's interim boss has shot at full-time role
Sarah Wellgreen case: Police make murder arrest
How can a drone cause so much chaos?
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn: "You and your colleagues in the media seem utterly obsessed with this" Labour leader says he's "made very…
RT @BBCPolitics: 🎶 "There are five days of Christmas, will the minister promise me..." 🎶 Labour's @DawnButlerBrent gives the government he…
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: One person called it "the worst Christmas tree of all time" 🎄 Does it deserve the criticism?
"Currently we have had within the last hour another drone sighting... I cannot tell you what time we will open" - G…
"The queue for a cup of coffee is probably a couple of hours" long - BBC's Transport correspondent Paul Clifton des…
Russian news channel RT broke TV impartiality rules, Ofcom says
RT @BBCBreaking: UK interest rates kept on hold at 0.75% by Bank of England
RT @BBCWorld: "Ho! ho! ho! Hi! Merry Christmas" Barack Obama pays a surprise visit to staff, patients and their parents at a children's h…
RT @BBCNormanS: Theresa May's Brexit bill will be brought back to Commons on Wed Jan 9th 2019
What is it like being a young carer at Christmas?
PDC World Darts Championship: James Wade apologises for behaviour
RT @BBCPolitics: Homeless deaths: "it is simply unacceptable to see lives cut short this way" Communities Secretary James Brokenshire say…
Fortnite sued over The Floss: Can you trademark a dance move?
RT @BBCWorld: Japan 'to leave whaling commission to resume hunting'
"We're so upset, we're really sad" - Family's trip to see Father Christmas in Lapland cancelled after drones were s…
Homeless people's deaths 'up 24%' over five years
RT @BBCr4today: Tory MPs "staged a mini-riot" over allegations that Jeremy Corbyn insulted the PM, says shadow home sec @HackneyAbbott. "It…
"I'm absolutely convinced it's a deliberate act to disrupt #Gatwick Airport" - Superintendent Justin Burtenshaw say…
RT @BBCSport: Steve Smith has appeared in a Vodafone Australia advert in a bid to "spread awareness about mental health for young Australia…
RT @BBCr4today: Does the Conservatives’ outrage against Jeremy Corbyn distract from the difficulties of Brexit? @bbcnickrobinson question…
Andrea Leadsom and Amber Rudd suggest rival #Brexit 'Plan Bs'
UK High Streets 'have twice as many shops as needed'
Fortnite teen hackers 'earning thousands of pounds a week'
Chris Evans says yes to Strictly Come Dancing 2019
"This is a crime. This drone is being flown illegally" - Aviation Minister Baroness Sugg says police are trying to…
RT @BBCWorld: Animal testing: US Senate bill seeks an end to kitten research deaths
For live updates on #Gatwick disruption after drone sightings ➡️
Premier League schedule: Which club has the toughest festive fixtures?
"I have a drone on my airfield... and #Gatwick will not be able to reopen until that drone is brought down" - Gatwi…
RT @SallyBundockBBC: Closure at #Gatwick causing chaos as thousands try and get away for #Christmas. We'd like to know are you stuck? Are y…
RT @BBCSport: Nine birdies in a row! England's Bronte Law has broken a Ladies European Tour record. ➡
RT @BBCBusiness: When is a sale actually a sale?
#Gatwick Airport runway remains closed due to "drone activity on the airfield" - @Gatwick_Airport says all arrivin…
RT @BBCEngland: The single mum says the picture of Princes Harry and William with Kate and Meghan has made her £40,000 so far
Trump's Syria withdrawal plan stuns allies
'She controlled my money, and when I could eat'
RT @BBCWorld: What's the UN global compact on migration?
Dele Alli: Tottenham player hit on head by bottle during Carabao Cup tie v Arsenal
'Fraudulent' charity runners condemned
The Christmas present that could tear your family apart
Dele Alli: Police investigate after Tottenham player hit on head by bottle at Arsenal
Listed buildings: Bus shelter and cattle trough get listed status
Guildford Four's Paddy Armstrong in plea to pub bomb coroner
Is the tradition of Christmas tipping still going strong?
News Daily: Drones close runway and Trump troop pull-out
Bronte Law: Ladies European Tour birdie record broken in Morocco
PDC World Darts Championship: James Wade says he did it 'for the UK' in win over Seigo Asada
Premiership Rugby: Minority shareholding sold to CVC Capital Partners for £200m
Yemeni mum arrives in US to visit dying son in California
Syria conflict: Trump's withdrawal plan shocks allies
Jose Mourinho 'not making comments' on Manchester United sacking
Celtic 3-0 Motherwell: First-half goals ensure hosts top Scottish Premiership
Arsenal 0-2 Tottenham: Spurs reach Carabao Cup semi-finals
'Why pantomime deserves more respect'
Fall in 'vital' fire safety checks, watchdog finds
Game of Thrones star: Producer paranoia caused problems
Sydney seaplane crash: Passenger photos give clues to final moments
The art of the deal: Negotiators' secrets revealed
Third of rare Scotch whiskies tested found to be fake
Warning against 'volcano tourism' risks
Subtle Asian Traits: When memes become a diaspora phenomenon
Newspaper headlines: 'Panto politics' for MPs at end of term
Dutch girl shot dead in Rotterdam school bike shed
Brexit referendum 'plausible' if MPs can't decide - Amber Rudd
RT @BBCPolitics: Brexit referendum 'plausible' if MPs can't decide - Amber Rudd
Thursday’s Guardian: “May will be ‘forced to back down’ over migrant curbs” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via…
Thursday’s Mirror: “Grey Rage” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Thursday’s Mail: “Read our lips Mr Corbyn: You’re a liar” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Thursday’s Times: “Corbyn under fire over ‘sexist’ attack on May” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via…
Thursday’s Express: “Robbed laying flowers on grave” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
RT @BBCBreaking: Flights at Gatwick Airport halted amid reports of drone flying in area
Thursday’s Metro: “I didn’t call PM a stupid woman” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
Thursday’s FT: “GSK break-up plan set to create £9.8bn joint venture with Pfizer” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Thursday’s Telegraph: “With only 100 days until Brexit, MPs stage end-of-term pantomime“ #bbcpapers…
Thursday’s i - “Panto politics” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @AllieHBNews)
"Stupid woman" or "stupid people"? Tory MPs call on Jeremy Corbyn to apologise over #PMQs remark, but he denies t…
Broken by benefits: the town among the hardest hit by UK welfare reforms Watch in full:
RT @BBCNorthAmerica: Why some children's brands are going gender neutral
RT @BBCNorthAmerica: DNA kits promise to unlock the secrets of your genes. But what happens to all that data?
RT @BBCPolitics: New environmental watchdog to get legal teeth after Brexit
Customers' premium solutions: 'I shop around every time'
Britons sent abroad as children to get compensation from UK government
Facebook sued by top prosecutor over Cambridge Analytica
"Why I'm only eating mince pies until Christmas Day"
RT @BBCBusiness: Britain's High Streets are going through a dramatic period of change, with one big name after another in trouble. @BBCEmma…
Alexander Perepilichnyy: The questions raised by Russian whistleblower inquest
Children in care ‘unnecessarily criminalised’
Alexander Perepilichnyy died of natural causes, coroner rules
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: "When my renewal arose, I said I was thinking of leaving. At a stroke, they halved my premium." 👍 Your tactics on gett…
A magician who performed an astonishing card trick with Colchester Zoo's orangutan Rajang pays tribute after the an…
Uber loses appeal over driver status
RT @BBCWalesNews: Yesterday this was just a normal row of garages. Standing in a lane behind a row of terraced houses in the shadow of the…
RT @bbcweather: Parts of Scotland & NE Eng could see some frost tonight. Jo
RT @BBCSport: Jose Mourinho has released a statement following his sacking by Manchester United 👉 #MUFC
RT @BBCPolitics: Home Secretary Sajid Javid tells MPs his post-#Brexit immigration plan will lower migration "to more sustainable levels",…
Billionaire investor & philanthropist George Soros has been named Person of the Year by the Financial Times Find…
RT @BBCPolitics: Fiona Onasanya: Labour suspends MP convicted of perverting the course of justice and calls for her to resign
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tells MPs "I did not use the words 'stupid woman' about the prime minister or anyone else" Co…
"I did not use the words 'stupid woman' about the Prime Minister or anyone else" - Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tell…
RT @BBCBreaking: Peterborough MP Fiona Onasanya found guilty of perverting course of justice over a speeding ticket
RT @BBCWorld: Bad weather stops car made from plastic waste from reaching the South Pole
RT @BBCPolitics: 🎶 Five shocked onlookers 🎶 Four lanes of traffic 🎶 Three helpful strangers 🎶 Two friendly coppers 🎶 And a swan safely back…
RT @BBCSport: Manchester United risk "writing off" the next two seasons by replacing Jose Mourinho with a caretaker manager. More here: ht…
Jackets left on lampposts in Inverness for homeless
Three stabbed at Tower Hamlets health centre
Banksy confirms graffiti that has appeared in south Wales is his work
RT @BBCWorld: 😖 Public offer support and donations to help overworked Taiwan man pay for repairs after he crashed into three Ferraris htt…
RT @BBCPolitics: 'Stupid woman' or 'stupid people'? Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is facing calls to apologise for comments made during thi…
RT @BBCWorld: Winter fuel bonus to be paid to 2,300 'vulnerable' people on Isle of Man
Facebook's data-sharing deals exposed
RT @BBCPolitics: "Stupid woman... stupid people... frankly neither is very nice" Minister for Women Victoria Atkins calls on Labour leade…
US 'planning to withdraw Syria troops'
RT @BBCBreaking: US preparing to withdraw forces fighting Islamic State group in Syria - media reports quoting defence officials
Jose Mourinho sacking: Where have Man Utd failed since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement?
Brexit: How has immigration changed since the referendum?
RT @VictoriaLIVE: "We're all mums, we all want to do what's best" We've been to visit a new class helping mothers learn the signs of radic…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn accused of 'stupid woman' jibe towards Theresa May during #PMQs More:
RT @BBCPolitics: Conservative Anna Soubry accuses Speaker John Bercow of double standards, saying if a male Tory MP had called a female Lab…
RT @BBCPolitics: Labour's Margaret Beckett calls scene in Commons an "orchestrated riot", as MPs demand Speaker John Bercow takes action ov…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn accused of 'stupid woman' jibe at Theresa May
RT @BBCWorld: Sympathy for overworked Taiwan man who ploughed into Ferraris
RT @BBCPolitics: "I saw no such thing" Speaker John Bercow responds to request for Labour's Jeremy Corbyn to return to the Commons and apo…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May calls on MPs to use "appropriate language" in the Commons, after colleague raises comments apparently made by…
RT @BBCPolitics: "Are you so frightened of defeat that she will deny the Parliament another vote?" SNP's Ian Blackford accuses PM of "run…
Jeremy Corbyn "Can the PM give us a cast iron guarantee the vote in this house will not be delayed yet again?" The…
RT @BBCPolitics: "He's going to put a confidence vote. Oh yes he is! Oh no he isn't! I've got some advice... look behind you" Theresa May…
Do you agree? 🍿🎥🎄 Britain's 'favourite Christmas film' revealed
RT @bbcweather: Here's a snapshot of how the rest of the working week is looking. Fairly windy, especially on Friday across the southern h…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May to Jeremy Corbyn: "He can talk all he likes about a meaningful vote, all he gives us is a meaningless position…
EU reveals no-deal #Brexit plans
RT @BBCSport: 'It's brilliant to be coming back'. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has had his say on his #mufc return. More here:
RT @BBCSport: More European history for Lionel Messi. The Barcelona forward just keep setting records. ➡
European Commission starts implementing "no deal" #Brexit Contingency Action Plan. The BBC's @adamfleming says it c…
'Misleading' Colgate toothpaste TV advert banned by watchdog
RT @bbcweather: ☔ Showers will continue over some southern and western areas this afternoon. It'll be dry and bright for many 🌤. Here's t…
Ho ho ho! 🎅
Bethan Roper death: Bristol train window woman hit by branch
Elon Musk unveils prototype high-speed LA transport tunnel
RT @bbclaurak: Keir Starmer will apply for emergency debate on no deal planning in Commons after #pmqs - more on #politicslive
RT @BBCSport: Rafinha has been issued an ultimatum... wear Adidas boots again, or face a fine of up to 1m euros. ➡
RT @BBCRealityCheck: If you're buying a Christmas Tree - here's a handy video on its environmental impact
RT @bbc5live: Does Energy Minister @ClairePerryMP know how much her government department has been given for #Brexit preparations this year…
RT @BBCTech: Facebook's data-sharing deals exposed
RT @BBCr4today: What is the government's exact immigration target? After being asked a number of times, Home Secretary @sajidjavid said: "W…
RT @BBCNewsbeat: "My biological mother believed that white people were the best people to raise me."
Everyone is asking: Is it a Banksy? Graffiti in Port Talbot sparks speculation
'Self-promoters' cheat the system at work
RT @BBCSport: "Even if Sir Alex Ferguson had been handed the job of replacing Sir Alex Ferguson, he would have failed." Where have #mufc g…
UK inflation falls to 2.3% in November
Santander 'too slow' to pass on inheritances
RT @BBCSteveR: Today's world is unpredictable. But one thing I can predict with certainty: tomorrow, Vladimir Putin's end-of-year news conf…
RT @BBCr4today: The UK training its own doctors will not solve the problem of NHS staff shortages because "the plans have been put in too l…
Kylie Minogue to play Glastonbury's legend slot
RT @BBCSport: 11 seasons Premier League 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 FA Cup 🏆🏆 Champions League 🏆 Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is now back at #mufc as a caretaker boss.…
RT @BBCSport: He's back! Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been confirmed as Manchester United's caretaker manager. More:
RT @BBCr4today: The US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates for the fourth time this year. But is it the right course of act…
'No frills. Just us' - Bake Off's Nadiya marries again 💍🎂
RT @bbckamal: As @sajidjavid skirts "net migration target in the tens of thousands" pledge on @BBCr4today here's @BBCRealityCheck on immigr…
RT @BBCBenThompson: A study suggests shoppers buy nearly a fifth less junk food if it's not on sale at the checkout. So we want to know, ar…
RT @BBCSport: Lewis Hamilton has sought to explain a remark at the #SPOTY awards in which he apparently insulted his hometown. More:
Rappers and songwriters: Is it OK to get help writing songs?
Best Christmas film: Elf, The Muppets and Love Actually miss top spot
RT @BBCWorld: Elon Musk unveils prototype high-speed LA transport tunnel
RT @bbcrb: Amazing! Cause most wrapping paper can’t be recycled 😍🎁🎄
RT @bbcnickrobinson: Hold on a second Ole! King Eric wants the job. Cantona has told former United executive Edward Freeman that he wants t…
RT @BBCWorld: "Best Christmas present ever" US Air Force dad surprises his daughters as a dolphin mascot 🐬 [tap to expand]
RT @BBCFergusWalsh: Processed meats and ready meals 'still too high in salt'
RT @bbcweather: Here's your at-a-glance guide to Wednesday's #weather. Ben R
Insurer 'made money from my loyalty'
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Elf, The Muppets and Love Actually miss top spot for Britain's favourite Christmas film
Millions 'will suffer without cash' 💷
Bus travel: Fewer passengers as funding falls
Mary Poppins Returns cast defend 'forgettable' songs
Wooden clothes on the recycled Christmas list?
Emergency pods 'useful tool' for rough sleeping, says charity
News Daily: Immigration plan, processed meat and 'cashless' warning
European Union diplomatic communications 'targeted by hackers'
Pan Am flight 103: Finding words to describe Lockerbie tragedy
Six baby seals found decapitated in New Zealand bay
Sark: Ten years of democracy, but is it working?
Immigration White Paper: Post-Brexit migration plans unveiled
Amphibian that buries head in sand named after Donald Trump
Universities told to end 'spiralling' grade inflation
Voice changes may show your date fancies you
Processed meats and ready meals 'still too high in salt'
Bank of England rebuked over £5m in unchecked spending
'Being called a mumpreneur is patronising'
Brexit: 'Horrified' firms warn time is running out
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'war footing' and 'the sacked one'
Belgium's PM Charles Michel submits resignation amid migration row
Sports Personality 2018: Lewis Hamilton 'used wrong words'
How Greenland could become China's Arctic base
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Man Utd appear to confirm Norwegian as interim manager in website post
Wednesday’s Mirror: “The Tory TV licence hypocrites” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday’s Times: “May ditches key pledges to prepare for no deal” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers…
Wednesday’s Guardian: “Business ‘watching in horror’ as PM plans for no-deal Brexit” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers…
Wednesday’s Telegraph: “Raab: cut business tax with EU £39bn” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday’s i - “Britain moves to ‘war-footing’ for a no-deal Brexit” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers…
Wednesday’s Metro: “Now May puts the army on no-deal standby” via @AllieHBNews #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
Wednesday’s FT: “May defies business fears to push through Brexit immigration curbs” #bbcpapers…
RT @BBCWorld: "Funny, warm, a true individual" - tributes to US TV star Penny Marshall who has died aged 75
RT @BBCWorld: Yemeni mum granted visa to visit dying son in California
King George III's letter about war with Napoleon to be sold at auction
Go Elsie! 🚴‍♀️
#XFactor star James Arthur's accountant pleads guilty to fraud
Banning sweets at supermarket checkouts 'works'
How a TV show about cows 'helped mum conceive'
RT @BBCSport: Is Jose Mourinho finished at the top level? @philmcnulty has had his say👇
Tea drinkers stewing over splitting Yorkshire Tea bags
RT @BBCSport: FA Cup fifth-round replays will be removed from this season's competition. Full story👇
#Brexit: Cabinet 'ramps up' no-deal planning
RT @BBCPolitics: "Go back to Skye" SNP's Ian Blackford is heckled as he opens an emergency debate on #Brexit Updates:
Youtuber's glitter bomb tricks parcel thieves
RT @bbcstories: "I exposed racism at my university and got suspended for it’ - Chloe's speaking out for the first time since the incident.…
RT @BBCPolitics: 3,500 service personnel are ready "to support any government department on any contingencies they may need" in case of a n…
The moment a 16,000-tonne Russian cargo ship is refloated, after running aground off the coast of Cornwall…
RT @BBCPolitics: Planning for no-deal "needs to be much more of a priority for businesses", says #Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay, as mini…
RT @BBCPolitics: Planning for a no-deal #Brexit is now an "operational priority", says Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay, as government rele…
Thank U, Next
Skin creams 'can lead to fire deaths'
RT @BBCSport: "I am focused on doing the best I can here.” Mauricio Pochettino has reacted to rumours linking him with Man Utd.
RT @BBCOne: To get you in the festive spirit! 🎅🎄 #DoctorWho @bbcdoctorwho
South Africa's Chicken Licken colonialism of Europe advert banned
The warm water fish making their way to British waters
Lil Pump: Rapper labelled 'racist' over song
Dying neighbour leaves girl 14 years' of presents
BA to resume flights to Pakistan
History-making polar bear cub Hamish turns one
Making a Murderer detective sues Netflix for defamation
Is NHS already finding it hard to get medicines?
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: Lil Pump pulled back his eyes while miming to the lyrics, which include a derogatory term
RT @jonkay01: All eyes on the massive Russian cargo ship Kuzma Minin, as attempt gets underway to refloat her off the coast of Falmouth Cor…
RT @BBCPolitics: How will #Brexit play out for Britain's gaming industry? @ustwogames's studio boss tells #politicslive when it comes to…
National Action trial: Members of neo-Nazi group jailed
RT @BBCSport: Manchester United need to "reset" and "take stock". @GNev2 has had his say on Jose Mourinho's departure. ➡
'Ross from Friends' lookalike fails to attend court
RT @bbcweather: It's been a very wet morning for many western areas and this rain will continue to push eastwards this afternoon. Met Offic…
'Major incident' as lorries topple on Larne to Cairnryan ferry
2018 statistic of the year: Plastic waste fact tops list
'My Christmas parcel ended up being recycled'
"The club would like to thank Jose for his work during his time at Manchester United and to wish him success in the…
Government still committed to net migration target - Brokenshire
RT @BBCSport: Jose Mourinho has been sacked by Manchester United. Full story:
RT @BBCSport: The end of Jose Mourinho? Paul Pogba on his way out? The big questions after Man Utd's defeat. ➡ h…
Tinsel tales: Decades old Christmas trees and baubles
Are too many women being jailed in Wales?
Is this the secret to predicting the Oscars?
How to avoid a travel insurance nightmare
Briton 'faces up to 15 years' in Bali jail over cannabis oil
RT @bbcweather: Day 18 of our #AdventCalendar and who doesn't love a pooch in a Christmas hat!
RT @BBCMonitoring: Jailed Iranian-British dual national Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has requested early release, having served half of her se…
RT @SallyBundockBBC: Retail shares take a hammering on the stock market over worries of falling sales on the high street, and online. Are…
UK accountancy firms face major overhaul under new plans
Deer poacher sentenced to watch Bambi in prison
Waste plan floats bottle deposit scheme
Overdraft woes: 'We were one bill away from disaster'
Energy plans may cut £45 a year from bills
Russian cargo ship runs aground off Cornwall coast
Katie Price charged with drink-driving
News Daily: Waste strategy and cabinet to talk no-deal Brexit
Male breast cancer: 'I tried to cut off my breast'
Brexit: Cabinet to consider ramping up no-deal plans
M6 motorway shut in Cheshire after multi-vehicle collision
Scott Johnson death: It's 'inconceivable' my brother killed himself
El Salvador court frees woman jailed under anti-abortion laws
The millionaire make-up mogul behind Huda Beauty
Brexit: How Europe does second referendums
South Africa's 'toxic' race relations
Why plastic recycling is so confusing
Yemen crisis: Hudaydah ceasefire 'broken within minutes'
Gently stroking babies 'provides pain relief'
Former CBS boss Leslie Moonves denied $120m exit pay
Newspaper headlines: May 'dares Corbyn' and retail 'panic'
Two Scandinavian women tourists found dead in Morocco
Brexit: A day of Parliamentary shenanigans
Tuesday’s Star: Yob called Jesus smashes up church #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis)
Tuesday’s Metro: May ‘pushes Brexit vote to the wire’ #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis)
Tuesday’s Daily Mail: Panic Sales spread online #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis)
Tuesday’s Guardian: May intensifies warnings over risks of no deal Brexit #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Tuesday’s Express: Start sending to prepare for no deal Brexit #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis)
Tuesday’s Telegraph: May dares Corbyn to call vote of confidence #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @hendopolis)
Pterosaurs: Fur flies over feathery fossils
US 'bans Yemen mum from visiting dying toddler in California'
Hotel steps in to give rooms to homeless over Christmas
RT @looknorthBBC: Ex-footballer and boxing champion offers to open gym to homeless after Hull hotel cancels their Christmas booking:
RT @BBCSport: Winners, losers, shock omissions... Sunday night's #SPOTY sparked plenty of reaction online. Some of the best 👉
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Woman who left a note in her childhood bedroom is traced by the family who live there now
Jeremy Corbyn tables no-confidence vote in Theresa May
Hamilton under fire for Stevenage 'slums' comment
Shazam reveals 2018's most-searched songs
'Why I chose to have my leg amputated'
RT @BBCWorldatOne: "This is one of those deals that is always going to go right up to the wire”. Treasury Minister @MelJStride tells @Sarah…
RT @bbcnickrobinson: Its now clear that @theresa_may sees “confirmation & certainty” about when EU will start & end as best way to reassure…
Sheku Bayoh: Fresh questions over death in police custody
RT @bbcweather: Tonight: Fairly mild for most areas, and rather windy - gales possible in the west of the UK. Occasional rain, mainly in th…
RT @BBCPolitics: Voters will not understand why MPs are going on holiday for two weeks without holding a key vote on the #Brexit deal, Cons…
RT @BBC_HaveYourSay: After the @YouTube 2018 Rewind video became the most disliked on the platform ever, content creators took it upon them…
RT @BBCPolitics: The prime minister is "not listening and not allowing debate" - Conservative MP Justine Greening challenges Theresa May on…
RT @BBCSport: New Southampton manager Ralph Hasenhuttl has apologised to Unai Emery after forgetting to shake hands after their game on Sun…
RT @BBCPolitics: "It is time to call time on this government. It is a laughing stock" - SNP's Ian Blackford takes aim at Theresa May over #…
RT @BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn: "This is a constitutional crisis" Labour leader attacks Theresa May for failing to put her #Brexit deal t…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May has led UK into "national crisis", she "achieved nothing" in Brussels - Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn responds t…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May on #Brexit: "Another vote... would do irreparable damage to the integrity of our politics, because it would sa…
RT @BBCPolitics: Theresa May says she had "robust exchanges" with EU leaders after "firmly" raising MPs' concerns over the Irish backstop i…
'Look after my house for me' letter writer tracked down
UK PM Theresa May says #Brexit debate will be held week beginning 7 January 2019, with meaningful vote by MPs the f…
RT @DannyShawBBC: Sadly, this number continues to grow: 16 out of 164 #Windrush migrants who are thought to have been wrongly detained or d…
Russia 'meddled in all big social media' in US election, says report
RT @bbclaurak: Sources say Corbyn WILL call for a vote of no confidence in the PM (not the govt) if she does not announce a date for a vote…
Moira Stuart to join Classic FM
Are teachers' Christmas gifts getting out of control? 👨‍🏫🎄🎁👩‍🏫
Carol Boardman: Man guilty of killing Olympian's mother
Dingwall Pupils fall ill after drinking vaping fluid
Kiwibot delivery robot catches fire after 'human error'
Champions League draw: Liverpool v Bayern Munich, Man Utd v Paris St-Germain
Climber, 21, dies in fall on Ben Nevis
RT @BBCSport: Here's the full Europa League draw, featuring: Malmo v Chelsea Celtic v Valencia Bate Borisov v Arsenal 👉
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: David Cameron 'advising Theresa May on options' if deal rejected
RT @BBCBreaking: Man, 21, admits killing ex-partner and her mother, who were stabbed to death in Solihull in August
In pictures: Vatican sand nativity scene
YouTuber @JamesCharles: Stop showing up at my house
RT @BBCSport: Get all the details from the Champions League draw right here 👉 #UCLDraw
1MDB: Malaysia charges Goldman Sachs and two bankers
RT @BBCSport: Full Champions League draw: ⚽ Schalke v Man City ⚽ Atletico Madrid v Juventus ⚽ Man Utd v PSG ⚽ Tottenham v Borussia Dortmu…
Loughborough woman who lied about brain cancer jailed
RT @BBCHughPym: Now confirmed that NHS long term plan for England won’t be published till Jan.
RT @bbcweather: ❄️🌨️🏔️ Day 17 of our #AdventCalendar and if you're dreaming of a white Christmas, here are some of our fabulous Weather Wat…
Student loan change adds £12bn to deficit
Bloodhound supersonic car project saved
Geoffrey Rush denies misconduct allegations by co-star Yael Stone
Chester Zoo fire: £120k raised after blaze to be spent on conservation
Christmas traffic: Where to avoid on the roads and rail
RT @BBCSport: Today's the day! England's four Champions League representatives will discover who they will face in the last 16 of the Cha…
RT @BBCMaryam: In the UK directors of firms which cold-call customers cld be fined more than $600,000. Is this the right course of action?…
📚📚📚 Why more people are using these libraries
'My sleepless nights over Sandra Bullock's blindfold'
Sajjan Kumar: Milestone conviction in deadly anti-Sikh riots
Asos issues profit warning over fashion discounting
Workplace reforms 'will protect gig economy workers'
'I gave myself two weeks to come up with a business idea'
Five things to know this week: All eyes on Russia, and 100 days to #Brexit
Gay Singaporean man wins landmark appeal to adopt surrogate child
Overactive immune system 'may trigger ME-like symptoms'
Hungarians rally again against 'slave laws'
Hull hotel cancels homeless people's Christmas day booking
Laura Ashley to close 40 UK stores amid a push into China
Restaurant insolvencies jump as diners stay at home
Nuisance call bosses face £500,000 fines
Climate change: The massive CO2 emitter you may not know about
360 video: The patriotic students who want to protect their country
Saudi Arabia condemns US Senate 'interference'
HS2: MPs had 'enormously wrong' cost estimate, says whistleblower
Newspaper headlines: 'Battle over second Brexit vote' and 'Geraint's glory'
Brazil 'faith healer' John of God surrenders to police
New EU referendum would break faith with Britons, May to warn MPs
Lord Sugar hires his Apprentice for 2018
RT @BBCSport: Tour de France winner Geraint Thomas took home the main award as England Netball and Gareth Southgate were also winners at BB…
Sports Personality of the Year winner: Geraint Thomas triumphs after Tour de France success
RT @BBCSport: The winner of BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2018 is… ⭐ GERAINT THOMAS ⭐ 📺📻📱 #SPOTY
RT @BBCSport: The BBC Sports Personality Team of the Year 2018 is… ⭐ England Netball ⭐ 📺📻📱 #SPOTY
Strasbourg Christmas market shooting: Fifth victim dies
RT @BBCSport: The BBC Sports Personality World Sport Star of the year 2018 is… ⭐ Francesco Molinari ⭐ 📺📻📱 #SPOT…
RT @BBCSport: "It's a real honour to be able to share this stage with them. They saved my life." ❤ Watch #SPOTY LIVE on @BBCOne and here:…
Sports Personality nominees: Anderson, Asher-Smith, Hamilton, Kane, Thomas and Yarnold shortlisted
HQ Trivia co-founder Colin Kroll dead at 35
Liverpool 3-1 Man Utd: Shaqiri goals put Klopp's men top
RT @BBCSport: FT: Liverpool 3-1 Manchester United Xherdan Shaqiri comes off the bench to score twice and send #LFC back to the top of the…
RT @BBCSport: "I'm very proud of how focused and uncompromising they were." Southampton manager Ralph Hasenhuttl was delighted with his si…
RT @BBCWorld: North Korea condemns latest US sanctions
Planes struggle to land at Manchester Airport because of strong winds caused by Storm Deirdre 🛬🛫 [tap to expand]…
RT @BBCSport: Tyson Fury, the comeback king 💪 Follow all the action on the red carpet on @bbcsport app, news channel and Red Button. 📺📱👉…
RT @BBCSport: We're live! Join us for all the build-up to BBC Sports Personality of the Year. @JazminSawyers and @iamradzi are your host…
Geraint Thomas' stolen Tour de France trophy replaced
RT @BBCWorld: Dozens of people have been injured in a huge explosion and fire which hit a restaurant in the northern Japanese city of Sappo…
RT @BBCWorld: Thousands protest in Brussels over UN migration pact
RT @BBCWorld: Japan explosion: 20 reported injured at Sapporo restaurant
Hibernian win 2-0 to keep Celtic off Premiership top spot
Southampton 3-2 Arsenal: Austin winner ends Arsenal's unbeaten run
PewDiePie printer hackers strike again
RT @BBCWorld: Police say Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson is safe, after he wrote a note saying he didn't "want to be on this ear…
Cat owner says pet is "lucky to be alive" after air gun pellet became lodged in its face
RT @BBCSport: British racing driver Billy Monger will be honoured with the Helen Rollason award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year s…
🦌🦌🦌
#Brexit: What happens next may have to be put to MPs' vote - Fox
RT @BBCWorld: Take a look inside the tomb of an Egyptian high priest which has remained untouched for 4,400 years [tap to expand]
'Suddenly real': Colour brings new life to archival WW1 photos
RT @BBCWorld: Putin wants Kremlin to back rap music and youth culture
#climatechange: Five things we've learnt from #COP24
Strictly Come Dancing: 11.7m watch Stacey Dooley win
RT @BBCPolitics: Highlights of 2018 on The Andrew Marr Show #marr #marrmusic
RT @BBCEngland: Central London in facial recognition trial
RT @BBCNewsbeat: Police have confirmed that Pete Davidson is safe, after he wrote a note saying he didn't "want to be on this earth anymore…
How the global trade in tear gas is booming
RT @BBCNWT: Chester Zoo staff 'devastated' after fire in which insects, frogs, fish and small birds sadly died
Was the 2018 @bbcstrictly winner who you expected? #StrictlyFinal [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCWorld: Digger used to rob ATM machine in Co Monaghan
Shrewsbury crash leaves car vertical in tree
RT @bbcweather: SO...a white Christmas? The run-up to the big day, at the moment, is looking mild(ish). Spells of rain and wind with some s…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Brexit: Liam Fox sets out arguments against a second referendum International Trade Sec tells #marr if Remain were to wi…
RT @BBCSport: "I dared to be great, lived a dream - but I will come again and come back." Rocky Fielding vowed to bounce back after his de…
RT @BBCPolitics: #Marr: You’re a doctor, how ill is Theresa May’s #Brexit deal? International Trade Sec Dr Liam Fox: “It’s recovering” Re…
RT @BBCPolitics: Chuka Umunna on #PeoplesVote: “Do we have the numbers right now? No we don’t” Labour MP and anti-Brexit campaigner tells…
RT @BBCPolitics: Will Labour table a no confidence motion in the govt? Shadow Communities Sec Andrew Gwynne tells #marr priority is to for…
Boy, five, dies after house fire in Nottinghamshire
Could student loans ruling mean the system is redesigned?
Chester Zoo starts fundraising bid after fire
RT @BBCScotlandNews: A climber has told of his relief that the bodies of two of his friends have been found 30 years after they vanished in…
🐶❤️
RT @BBCWorld: Mulvaney called Trump 'terrible human being' in 2016, video shows
Bad weather hits Christmas shopping on the High Street
RT @BBCRadio4: Robin is really a contraction and diminutive of “Robert”. The original word for the species was “Ruddock” or “redbreast”. Ov…
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Tough night for Scotland as Storm Deirdre hits, dropping up to 50cm of snow in the highlands h…
Pigs-in-blankets ice cream, anyone? 🐷🥓🍦 [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCSport: It took three rounds. Rocky Fielding got up from the canvas three times but Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez was not to be denied. Re…
RT @BBCSport: We are pleased to announce the winner of the Helen Rollason award at BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2018 is... ⭐ @Billy…
What can New Zealand teach us about #Brexit?
Severn bridges: Final day of at least 800 years of tolls
Stacey Dooley crowned Strictly Come Dancing 2018 champion #StrictlyFinal
New £50 bank note 'must recognise ethnic minorities'
Liverpool v Man Utd: Jurgen Klopp says his side need to be 'angry' on Sunday
'Canelo' Alvarez v Rocky Fielding: Mexican lands third-round win at Madison Square Garden
Man accused of Jay Sewell murder, in Eltham, London
Theresa May condemns Tony Blair's new Brexit vote call
Storm Deirdre: Wind, snow and rain hit parts of UK
BBC Sports Personality of the Year: How do you win the main award?
Anti-radicalisation chief: Wales 'far right hunting ground'
How a South African shepherd found a dinosaur graveyard
How a country suddenly went ‘crazy rich’
Ruud Gullit says it is 'almost impossible' for black players to speak out about racism
The great, all-female MP portrait takeover
MPs want halt to smart motorway rollout over safety concerns
Newspaper headlines: 'PM's team plots new referendum' and Strictly winner
Climate change talks agree details to implement Paris deal
Scottish Open: Mark Allen 'doesn't deserve to be in final' after 'disrespecting' tournament
Ariana Grande plans special Manchester concert during 2019 tour
European Rugby Champions Cup: Leinster 42-15 Bath
RT @BBCLookNorth: Erin is a working single mum who says she's been left in spiralling debt thanks to Universal Credit.
RT @BBCWorld: Archaeologists in Egypt have unveiled the tomb of a high priest, which has remained untouched for 4,400 years. 😲
Warning 'stepped up' for freezing rain and snow #StormDeirdre
J Hus's toxic relationship with east London
RT @BBCWorld: Ryan Zinke: US interior secretary to leave administration
UK PM Theresa May told not to 'run down clock' on #Brexit deal
Katowice: UN climate talks stand-off continues
Hockey Men's World Cup 2018: England thrashed by Belgium in semi-finals
Manchester City 3-1 Everton: Gabriel Jesus & Raheem Sterling put hosts top of Premier League
Four children in group of 11 migrants rescued off Dover
Antonio Felix da Costa wins opening Formula E race of season in Saudi Arabia
RT @BBCWorld: US returns looted Balangiga church bells to Philippines
RT @BBCSport: Great Britain's women won gold in the team pursuit at the World Track Cycling World Cup in London. Watch the highlights 👉 ht…
RT @bbcweather: A hazardous weather day for much of the UK. Phil Avery takes a look at the ice and snow Met Office amber warnings currently…
Four 'seriously injured' in Nottinghamshire fire
RT @BBCSport: More World Cup heartbreak for England as they lost a third consecutive men's Hockey World Cup semi-final when they were beate…
RT @BBCSport: Troy Townsend from Kick it Out says Raheem Sterling's message on racism "should send a message around football that we need t…
RT @BBCScotlandNews: A Highland coo, a kiss from a deer and a robin resting on some antlers - it must be this week's picture gallery.
RT @BBCNewsbeat: "It is quite rare that the best dancer actually wins"
A large fire has broken out at Chester Zoo in its Monsoon Forest habitat. Visitors and animals are being evacuated…
Linton railings crash escape leaves police 'speechless'
RT @BBCPolitics: It's been a very long week in politics - but has anything about Theresa May’s #Brexit deal actually changed? [Tap to expa…
RT @VictoriaLIVE: One this week's exclusive stories: 'I was aged 24, and dead for five minutes' More than 80,000 young people in the UK c…
RT @BBCSport: Not long now... Here's all you need to know about BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2018 👉 #SPOTY h…
RT @BBCWorld: 'Yellow-vest' protesters gather on Paris Champs-Elysées
RT @bbclysedoucet: New Hope for #Yemen. Can a new deal begin to end an old war?
RT @bbcweather: Amber warnings have been updated, the area at risk from disruptive snow has been extended Helen htt…
RT @bbcstories: Shoutout to the amazing @rainbowcards - she's making Christmas a less lonely time for LGBTQ people whose families don’t acc…
RT @BBCSport: Half time. England 0-2 Belgium. Not going England's way in their Hockey Men's World Cup semi-final. Goals from Tom Boon and…
Stacey, Joe, Ashley or Faye - who'll pick up Strictly's glitterball trophy in tonight's final? 💃🕺💃💃 Watch the cont…
RT @BBCWorld: Sark: Christmas lights switched on after blackout fear
Susie Goodall: British sailor would attempt Golden Globe Race again 'in a heartbeat'
RT @BBCLN: "It's good to give" A special delivery for the RVI - well done Noah! 👏🎁
RT @BBCSteveR: Amid predictions of a freezing cold Christmas in Britain due to icy cold winds from Russia, here’s my version of the Eastend…
RT @BBCScotlandNews: Snow and freezing rain are expected to create dangerous travelling conditions as Storm Deirdre hits Scotland
RT @BBCScotland: What a beauty 😍 See more from Your Pictures of Scotland
RT @bbcweather: Widespread #FreezingRain seldom occurs in the UK. It's likely many of us will see a build-up of black ice on major roads la…
RT @BBCBreakfast: Meet Glen, the 85 year old with multiple sclerosis who's skydiving her way to better health 💪 #multiplesclerosis #skydivi…
RT @BBCPolitics: Nebulous, moi?! Your weekend #Brexitcast is here. 🎧
Do autistic people 'get' jokes?
RT @BBCSport: She got stranded 2,000 miles from land for nine days after her boat capsized, but Sailor Susie Goodall says she would attempt…
UN climate talks extended due to sticking points in Poland
Will Gompertz on Mary Poppins Returns starring Emily Blunt and Lin-Manuel Miranda ★★☆☆☆
Strictly Come Dancing finalists discuss their ups, downs and future plans
Kevin de Bruyne: Pep Guardiola says Man City midfielder finished last season 'exhausted'
British children hurt in Lisbon tram crash
Sarah Papenheim: US student stabbed to death in Rotterdam
Anglesey school plea not to buy staff Christmas gifts
'Canelo' Alvarez v Rocky Fielding: Briton relishing chance to upset the odds
Stansted Airport: Drone 'missed landing plane by 15m'
Court rules Obamacare is unconstitutional
Halt prison pepper spray plan, ministers urged
Newcastle man charged with planning act of terror
Brexit: Amber Rudd urges MPs to 'forge a consensus'
Australia recognises West Jerusalem as Israeli capital
Yemen war: Can ceasefire deal finally bring peace?
Nigerian military lifts Unicef ban after 'spy' row
How many terror attacks are by people known to police?
Week in pictures: 8 - 14 December 2018
Newspaper headlines: May and Juncker clash and 'Brexit charge' for Brits
Saturday’s Express: “Why the hell do we bother?” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday’s Times: “May’s Brexit deal ‘is dead’” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday’s Star: “Santa yob damaged our elf” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday’s Telegraph: “I’ve been very clear: don’t call me nebulous” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via…
Saturday’s Mirror: “Cancer wife’s 4-year con” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat)
Saturday’s Guardian: “Angry and bruised, May returns empty-handed” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @MsHelicat)
Trump names new acting chief of staff
Yemen war: Firing in Hudaydah raises fears for new truce
FT Weekend: “May threatens to crash Brexit deal after summit showdown” #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday…
Saturday's i: "NHS cuts put patients’ lives at risk" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via @mshelicat)
Warning of heavy snow and ice for Scotland
Eleven die and dozens ill after eating rice at Indian temple
RT @bbcweather: Another cold night later; expect a widespread frost. Jo
RT @BBCNewsGraphics: We take a look back at Theresa May's incredibly busy week in five graphics:
Plan for food waste to be separated
UK schoolgirls assaulted in Ghana 'given specialist support'
Johnson & Johnson shares drop after report says firm 'knew' of asbestos
'Miracle' six-day-old baby survives Ebola
Hastings cliff fall: Rock crashes into bedroom
Capita Army recruitment delays: 'I felt I had given up my dream'
Theresa May's week in charts
Were Taylor Swift fans tracked at her gig?
RT @BBCPolitics: Week ahead in Parliament
RT @BBCWorld: Shakira: Colombian pop star accused of tax evasion in Spain
Breast cancer screening error 'overstated'
RT @BBCBreaking: Facebook bug exposed photos of up to 6.8 million users, including pictures they had not posted
RT @BBCPolitics: "This is a woman of great courage doing her job in the best way possible" - EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker sa…
RT @BBCPolitics: "When he says migrants are responsible for #Brexit - fake news" - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker sugges…
RT @BBCPolitics: "The temperature needs to come down" - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says "deep mistrust" from House o…
😍
Rapper J Hus jailed for eight months for carrying knife
Jose Mourinho: Man Utd 'far' from being built in my image
RT @BBCPolitics: "I had a robust discussion with Jean-Claude Juncker..." @BBCLauraK asks Theresa May if the EU Commission President admits…
Australia v India: Marcus Harris top-scores for hosts in second Test in Perth
RT @BBCWorld: Yellow vest protests: is the movement spreading across Europe? And what do they want? [Tap to expand]
RT @BBCPolitics: May: Still work to do on Brexit deal
RT @BBCPolitics: "Further clarification and discussion... is in fact possible" - Prime Minister Theresa May says there'll be further #Brexi…
Chelsea anti-Semitic chants: Football fans 'using political atmosphere to cover racism' - Fare
Teen guilty of murdering Viktorija Sokolova in park
#StrictlyComeDancing final: What makes a winner?
Festive wishes from the Royal Family 🎄 More of their Christmas card pics 👉
RT @BBCWalesNews: ‘Siri call 999 - my mummy’s sick’, 4-year-old Beau gets award 👏
RT @BBCNorthAmerica: Cohen insists he was directed by Trump to break the law
RT @BBCPolitics: "I have never seen anything like this where a leader is so visibly furious with another one of them" @bbclaurak tells @Jo_…
😍 Did you see the Geminid meteor shower? 🌠 More stunning snaps from stargazers across the world 👉…
RT @BBCWorld: 🎶 Is there life on Mars? 🎶 (And will @NASA find it?) 🔭
What can BBC presenters say and not say? And do the rules apply to @GaryLineker?
Quit meat? Cut chocolate? 🍗🍫🍌🥑 How green is your diet? Use our carbon footprint calculator to find out 👉…
RT @BBCr4today: Tony Blair says the British public didn't vote for "crashing out of the EU with no deal" #r4today h…
RT @BBCWorld: Mesmerising 😍 @NASAJuno camera captures images of storms the size of Texas swirling across Jupiter [Tap to expand]
#Brexit: No visa but Brits will pay €7 to travel to EU countries
Sondra Locke: Any Which Way You Can actress dies aged 74
RT @bbcweather: The Met Office has issued warnings for rain and wind tomorrow. See if your area will be affected here:
Happy Christmas Roy! Wizzard star's stolen van returned 🙌
Will giving a time limit to her premiership help or hinder Theresa May?
RT @BBCPolitics: Brexit: How could another referendum on leaving the EU work?
Jamie Acourt: Lawrence murder suspect 'attacked in jail'
Man who had ears sliced off in Blackburn street attack dies
RT @BBCWorld: Strasbourg Christmas market reopens after attack
RT @BBCWomansHour: #100years since the first votes were cast by UK women 🗳️🙌, we ask @lilyallen, Saoirse Ronan, @Pearlie_mack, @charlottech…
Did my children die because I married my
RT @BBCLookEast: Millionaires spread Christmas cheer with party for young carers
RT @BBCr4today: A group of company leaders want a 'managed no-deal Brexit'. What would that involve and how are small businesses placed for…
Have you been paying attention? 🤔 It's the @BBCNews Quiz of the Week!
Why did Rachel Johnston die after having all her teeth removed?
#ChristmasJumperDay: Who wins, retailers or charity?
Army's £113m recruitment website 'was 52 months late'
Chick-Fil-A sauce makes you racist
Keep telling us how much you care about the little people though
US demands S. Korea drastically increase funding for security. Seoul calls move 'unacceptable.'
Iowa GOP Sen. Joni Ernst said in court filings that her ex-husband physically assaulted her
A weak attempt at walking back his comment
Hey look, another story the media got wrong about a conservative
Buzzfeed hit with another round of steep layoffs
Don't miss part two tonight! #ChangeMyMind #BuildTheWall
Los Angeles teachers reach 'historic agreement' with district to end strike
CNN commentator: MAGA hat just as upsetting as KKK hood
Mark Levin issues direct challenge to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. Will she accept?
Ep. 208 | Savannah Guthrie Gets Slammed for Nick Sandmann interview, Abortion Bill Passes in NY, & Anti-Government…
Trump fires back at Nancy Pelosi shutting down SOTU speech — and says he's planning an 'alternative'
Ocasio-Cortez breaks with Dems, votes against bill to reopen gov't because it would fund ICE
NY governor signs sweeping new abortion law that would allow abortions after 24 weeks
Canadian Journal recommends doctors prescribe hormone blockers to 'trans kids' as young as 10
Rep. Shelia Jackson Lee steps down from two leadership roles due to pressure caused by lawsuit
BREAKING: At least 5 killed in Florida bank shooting
Students are being brainwashed with our tax dollars
We #StandWithCovington
Maduro told American diplomats have 72 hours to get out of the country
Michael Cohen cancels congressional testimony, citing alleged threats from Trump, Giuliani
We must have missed this Bible verse
It was bad
As @scrowder would say, "hold onto your butts." Part Two of the #BuildTheWall #ChangeMyMind airs tonight! Catch Par…
This story is disturbing
Trying to keep track of all the #SOTU letters
UPDATE: Nancy has now rescinded Trump's SOTU invitation
Did the Covington Catholic story change your opinion of the mainstream media? Why or why not?
Rep. Omar tried to delete her disgusting accusation against the Covington boys, but it was too late
Trump continues to ignore Nancy's requests
Here's what Sarah Sanders just said about the Covington Catholic students visiting Trump
What do Americans really think about Medicare for all?
Catholic CNN religion commentator says Catholic students shouldn't wear MAGA hats to sanctioned events
Chick-Fil-A sauce makes you racist
Keep telling us how much you care about the little people though
Hollywood is a cesspool
"Poorly"
Boom, roasted.
It's rude to uninvite people to events, Nancy. 👀
ICYMI: MORE ON TRIVIA: Los Angeles Rams vs. New Orleans Saints | 1/18/19
Why isn't the media covering the Black Hebrew Israelites? @glennbeck shares footage of their extremism, and we have…
US demands S. Korea drastically increase funding for security. Seoul calls move 'unacceptable.'
ICYMI: Here's the breakdown from the #CovingtonCatholic incident Thanks to YOUR support, our research team is able…
A weak attempt at walking back his comment
🔥🔥🔥🔥
The Convington Catholic Tick-Tock | #CovingtonCatholic
Hey look, another story the media got wrong about a conservative
Most have admitted they were wrong by this point. NBC continues to push this lie as if the video isn't public
Los Angeles teachers reach 'historic agreement' with district to end strike
The media is trying to destroy #CovingtonCatholic. But we know the truth. We #StandWithConvington…
CNN commentator: MAGA hat just as upsetting as KKK hood
Mark Levin issues direct challenge to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. Will she accept?
NY governor signs sweeping new abortion law that would allow abortions after 24 weeks
"This is the first time the media knowingly lied to perpetuate a story," -- Glenn Beck continues his coverage of Co…
Nancy won't be having the last word
Commentary: Alyssa Milano made herself look like a fool yesterday. Don't let the same thing happen to you.
Beto raised a lot of money for his Senate race, too 😐
CBS rejects medical marijuana Super Bowl ad
A victory for the Second Amendment
GoFundMe launches its own fundraiser to help federal workers who aren't getting paid
Dems still aren't handling Kavanaugh's confirmation very well
Democratic politicians honor MLK weekend by calling President Trump racist
Joe Biden at Al Sharpton event: 'Most of us whites don't like to acknowledge' that 'systemic racism' exists
Supreme Court rules that Trump's ban on transgender troops can go into effect; CNN calls the ruling 'extreme'
These students can't even go to school now #CovingtonBoys
Here is what happened between the Covington teens, Native Americans and the Black Israelites minute by minute
'Like, the world is going to end in 12 years if we don’t address climate change' says Ocasio-Cortez
This non-call against the New Orleans Saints was so bad, the governor got involved
Another widely disseminated story about #CovingtonCatholic that has been proven false. Yet the author won’t delete…
New docs reveal the extent of Pelosi's CODEL travel abuses, how much taxpayer money she spent
Bret Baier gets overtaken by emotion while detailing horrific car accident his family endured
Transitioning a 5-year-old's gender is child abuse
It’s here! Do you think anyone changed @scrowder’s mind?! 🤔
Judge won't certify North Carolina congressional race as fraud investigation continues
LA lawyer offers to represent Covington students for free in suing NYT, other outlets for vicious, defamatory stori…
HERE Is The Definitive Timeline For The Covington Catholic Run-In At The Lincoln Memorial
Nathan Phillips is a liar. Why won't the media hold him accountable? @glennbeck reads Phillips' ASBURD account of…
Catch @scrowder’s new #ChangeMyMind in just 25 min!
Here's what Sarah Sanders just said about the Covington Catholic students visiting Trump
10-year-old boy bullied over medical condition commits suicide; parents plan to sue school district
Singer Chris Brown in custody in Paris on rape accusations
Twitter suspends suspicious account that spread misleading viral video of Covington student and Native American
Liberals unleash torrent of abuse on Savannah Guthrie for daring to interview teen from Covington altercation
#BuildTheWall and tune in tonight at 9pm E/8pm C for a new #ChangeMyMind!
Thank you, Jeff!
'Give Trump the money' for the wall, Democrat says with Senate vote scheduled for this week
Bret Baier and family in horrific car crash while on vacation: ‘Don’t take anything for granted’
Oh, did we mention the new #ChangeMyMind #BuildTheWall is TONIGHT?
This is going to be a #ChangeMyMind you don't want to miss
Media forced to admit major correction on Native American accuser in Covington altercation
Trump won't let Nancy stop him
Tennessee lawmaker wants dress code in schools — for parents
Trump administration formally calls Maduro a dictator, calls for transitional government in Venezuela
Oh Kathy, no 😬
Supreme Court won't hear appeal of high school football coach fired for leading voluntary prayers
IT'S A CHICKEN SANDWICH WITH PICKLES
Dems still aren't handling Kavanaugh's confirmation very well
There are actually several theories on this 👀👻
A victory for the Second Amendment
A headline from WaPo. 2019 is wild.
Are you outraged by the Covington Catholic story? HERE'S how you can help.
👀
Today's podcast is a boiled down version of what we did on radio today. ICYMI: We broke down what happened at the N…
Beto raised a lot of money for his Senate race, too 😐
🤭
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
"These boys do the right thing — not because they're afraid of getting punished — but because they're afraid of let…
Nathan Phillips has an interesting history... much of which we still don't know
Supreme Court won't hear DACA case, leaving protections in place
Do you think all religions are treated the same by the media? Let us know your thoughts.
LA lawyer offers to represent Covington students for free in suing NYT, other outlets for vicious, defamatory stori…
Can you blame him?
GoFundMe launches its own fundraiser to help federal workers who aren't getting paid
Some members of the media so desperately want the #CovingtonBoys to be racist despite the absolute lack of evidence…
Commentary: Alyssa Milano made herself look like a fool yesterday. Don't let the same thing happen to you.
What a headline 😳
They probably still won't get it
Supreme Court rules that Trump's ban on transgender troops can go into effect; CNN calls the ruling 'extreme'
HERE Is The Definitive Timeline For The Covington Catholic Run-In At The Lincoln Memorial
New docs reveal the extent of Pelosi's CODEL travel abuses, how much taxpayer money she spent
Nathan Phillips is a liar. Why won't the media hold him accountable? @glennbeck reads Phillips' ASBURD account of…
Democratic politicians honor MLK weekend by calling President Trump racist
The media has gone TOO far this time, and we are fed up. @glennbeck pulls no punches calling out the journalists an…
Joe Biden at Al Sharpton event: 'Most of us whites don't like to acknowledge' that 'systemic racism' exists
CBS rejects medical marijuana Super Bowl ad
😱😱😱😱😱😱
This weekend, host of @BlazeTV's "Rant Nation," @GrahamAllen_1 was targeted for a family photo posted in response t…
Transitioning a 5-year-old's gender is child abuse
These students can't even go to school now #CovingtonBoys
Singer Chris Brown in custody in Paris on rape accusations
Courage is in short supply.
Twitter suspends suspicious account that spread misleading viral video of Covington student and Native American
Bret Baier and family in horrific car crash while on vacation: ‘Don’t take anything for granted’
'Like, the world is going to end in 12 years if we don’t address climate change' says Ocasio-Cortez
Journalist loses his job over this horrible tweet he posted against MAGA hat teens smeared by the media
The madness isn't new
Breaking; Covington High School students speak out on video for the first time since media firestorm — here's what…
*triggered*
Suspect in 'brutal' murder spree in Nevada is an illegal alien
"Journalists" and SJWs are walking back the false allegations made against the Covington teens but some in the medi…
On today's episode of "Something's Off with Andrew Heaton," @MightyHeaton and @RepThomasMassie discuss the…
Egyptian TV anchor sentenced to 12 months hard labor for interviewing gay man
The outrage mob tried to delete tweets... too little too late
Now more than ever, Mike Rowe's response is brilliant
We have no proof they were racist, but they are pro-life, so... BIGOT 😠
US troops in Syria targeted by suicide bomber for the second time in less than a week
Remember that time a banana peel made students cry? The insanity isn't new
This story makes zero sense
Are you questioning them? Racist...
"They called us 'racists,' 'bigots,' 'white crackers,' 'f*****s,' and 'incest kids." -- Nick Sandmann
Do you believe the #CovingtonCatholic students displayed any inappropriate behavior at the Women's @March_for_Life?
"These kids, from every indication I have seen, behaved exactly like Martin Luther King," -- @glennbeck #MLKDay…
If you are unhappy, blame it on Trump
It's dangerous out there
Does... does he know there's video supporting the student's account? 🤨
White couple who 'identify as black' say their children will be born black
But the narrative
He's never had a problem holding back his thoughts. Check out @WatchChad's response to the Gillette ad
The Covington student accused of racism has something to say
Another undisclosed missile site found in North Korea; report says there may be as many as 19 more…
Lady Gaga blasts Mike Pence at show: 'You are the worst representation of what it means to be a Christian'…
Watch company responds to Gillette's 'toxic masculinity' ad with video that celebrates men
Report: GOP senator announces plan for first-ever Pro-Life Caucus in Senate
Judge demolishes leftist theory that climate change is to blame for deadly California wildfires
Top House Democrat calls for ban on teenagers wearing 'MAGA' hats after viral incident
Don’t miss the #FarmLife adventures of @CamEdwards and Miss E Subscribe: #40AcreFool
Catholic students at center of controversy could be expelled — then Native American witness debunks media narrative
Are Dems starting to break? Prominent party member signals chance for border wall accord
Kathy Griffin's shocking response to mainstream media attack on Catholic high school students
Trump says amnesty not part of negotiations for border wall along Mexico
WATCH: Women's March leaders accused of anti-Semitism promote anti-Israel hate
Catholic HS teens fall prey to social media mob following interaction with Native American elder at DC rally
MSNBC, CNN used word "impeachment" more than 100 times on-air after "not accurate" BuzzFeed story
Ocasio-Cortez confronted over support for Women's March amid anti-Semitism scandal. Her response says it all.
Houston homeowner shoots burglars attempting to break in, kills three
Houston mayoral candidate Tony Buzbee brought pile of horse manure to a news conference — here's why
Texas city officials explain why they want to remove a billboard that asks people to pray
UPDATE: Before Trump even announced his plan to America, Democrats already rejected it
WATCH: Right-wing activist storms Women's March stage, calls out deep-rooted anti-Semitism
California Dem State Senator bans 'he' and 'she' pronouns during judiciary committee hearings
Report: Trump is prepared to compromise in order to secure border wall funding
WOW: This time lapse of the March for Life puts the Women's March to shame
Ben Shapiro fires back at progressive activist, sets truth straight over 'baby Hitler' remarks
Dismal turnout expected for this year's Women's March as group faces anti-Semitism scandal
After Mueller kills BuzzFeed 'bombshell,' media has one major worry — and it's not reporting the truth
BuzzFeed stands by 'not accurate' Trump story — then it goes from bad to worse
CNN panel is stunned by host's bizarre question about Karen Pence teaching at Christian school
She's not wrong
Human trafficking happening in our backyard
Yikes
Public college: Free speech doesn't protect Christian prof who refused to call transgender student female
Former Chili's server claims she was denied promotion for not dressing in 'gender appropriate' attire
Who's ready for Space Force?!
Better fall in line
The teen's dad isn't on board with the party
Hundreds of migrants cross illegally into US by tunneling under steel fence in Arizona
Making sexual jokes about the Vice President's wife because of her faith. Classy.
Boom, roasted
Rep. Dan Crenshaw says 'weird' Beto O'Rourke must never be president after his Constitution remarks
Former Chicago cop convicted of murdering black teen gets less than seven years in prison
"Tolerance"
Trump banner held by white fans at HS basketball game angers black coach — so district is investigating
Eco-friendly California officials should probably do something
This is insane
Congressional Black Caucus demands Sheila Jackson Lee step down over intern rape allegations
The President of the United States has to remind people that BUZZFEED isn’t a credible news source. 2019 is wild.
More Anti-Semitism from the Women's March leader
Advertiser drops Ben Shapiro's show because he read their ad at a pro-life event
Pelosi claims Trump forced her to cancel Afghanistan trip; White House calls it a 'flat out lie'
Democrats vow to investigate after anonymously sourced bombshell report claims Trump told Cohen to lie to Congress
Sheriffs barred from state legislature session because they were carrying guns. Then common sense kicks in.
Breaking: Mueller devastates Buzzfeed bombshell scoop about Trump and obstruction of justice
Univ. of Georgia teaching assistant says ‘some white people may have to die’ for black communities to be ‘made whol…
The only GOP congressman representing a border district says Trump's wall is not the answer
This is incredible 😂
Students rail against ‘toxic masculinity,’ but — whoops! — don’t have any idea what it is
Breaking: Trump says he will be making a major announcement about the shutdown
Well this is interesting
Trump may lose a favorite Cabinet member to the Senate if Mitch McConnell gets his way
Wow. What a deterrent.
We would NEVER treat on meat. 😍
CNN panel is stunned by host's bizarre question about Karen Pence teaching at Christian school
Let someone else win for a change, Tom
Yep.
Here we go! @CamEdwards and Miss E share another farm adventure: Turkeys, Chickengoats, and the War on Meat
Beautiful.
Yikes
Justice is coming
DENIED
Good call
What a ridiculous question
Let's try this again
So many lives could be saved!
5 things you need to know about the 2019 March for Life: 'Life is winning in America once again!'
Study: Aggressive marketing efforts by drug companies tied to opioid abuse crisis
More travel plans canceled
Parents, beware
Eco-friendly California officials should probably do something
This is insane
More Anti-Semitism from the Women's March leader
Check this out. @StephenBaldwin7 stopped by the studio to discuss his upcoming movie with @glennbeck and…
Better fall in line
Trump banner held by white fans at HS basketball game angers black coach — so district is investigating
Pelosi claims Trump forced her to cancel Afghanistan trip; White House calls it a 'flat out lie'
She's not wrong
Yikes
Do you support the March for Life?
Rep. Dan Crenshaw says 'weird' Beto O'Rourke must never be president after his Constitution remarks
Hundreds of migrants cross illegally into US by tunneling under steel fence in Arizona
Democrats vow to investigate after anonymously sourced bombshell report claims Trump told Cohen to lie to Congress
Sheriffs barred from state legislature session because they were carrying guns. Then common sense kicks in.
Univ. of Georgia teaching assistant says ‘some white people may have to die’ for black communities to be ‘made whol…
Don’t forget to Subscribe & Rate #ChewingTheFat with @JeffyMRA
Students rail against ‘toxic masculinity,’ but — whoops! — don’t have any idea what it is
Public college: Free speech doesn't protect Christian prof who refused to call transgender student female
Chicago judge acquits cops accused of covering up death of Laquan McDonald
✨
IT'S SPACE FORCE TIME
Former Chili's server claims she was denied promotion for not dressing in 'gender appropriate' attire
"Let's say goodbye to her penis." 😳
Making sexual jokes about the Vice President's wife because of her faith. Classy.
Guessing Nancy didn't see this coming 😅
Boom, roasted
"Tolerance"
Human trafficking happening in our backyard
If a Republican did this, they'd be destroyed
Faith-based retirement village denies lesbian couple’s request to move in. Couple sues — and loses.
Don't use the word "family" at Google. It's VERY offensive.
Generation Z is shaping up to be even more liberal than Millennials, study shows
"This senseless act is a stark reminder of why the United States remains resolved in our fight to defeat radical Is…
CNN calls Trump move against Pelosi 'childish' — here's what they called Pelosi stunt against Trump
No regrets for the massive temper tantrum
Democratic rep apologizes for saying he is an 'Asian trapped in a white body'
This. Is. Hilarious.
White people and their ...search engines 🙄
Former political director for Beto O'Rourke campaign accused of rape by Black Caucus intern
Tune in now for PETA trolling ...it's so good
A Virginia senator is turning heads by openly carrying her gun to work: 'It is a deterrent'
What did you miss most while @scrowder was gone?
Democratic socialists join LA teachers on picket lines to harass 'scabs.' Communist Party announces its support.
Louder with Crowder is happening NOW
Are you watching?! @scrowder is BACK!
We're so over man-shaming
New poll shows a stunning turn in @RealDonaldTrump's approval among Latinos
Mike Pence pushes back on 'deeply offensive' criticism of his wife's Christian school job
Democratic 2020 hopeful Tulsi Gabbard apologizes for past anti-gay beliefs
Democrats are furious Trump canceled their trip — they were on a bus that had to turn around
Public college: Free speech doesn't protect Christian prof who refused to call transgender student female
The wait is over. Louder with Crowder returns tonight at 7/8 PM ET on BlazeTV
Tonight’s the night. Put your “do not disturb” sign up at 7/8 ET cause this show is going to be 🔥
Chicago judge acquits cops accused of covering up death of Laquan McDonald
Wow. Family should be sacred.
IT'S SPACE FORCE TIME
Former Chili's server claims she was denied promotion for not dressing in 'gender appropriate' attire
"Let's say goodbye to her penis." 😳
Making sexual jokes about the Vice President's wife because of her faith. Classy.
The best way to get out of a funk is to live stream mundane life occurrences. Have you considered periscoping a vis…
Sorry, Nance 😬
Guessing Nancy didn't see this coming 😅
Boom, roasted
Nancy getting started on a response to Trump's letter 👀
Do you think President Trump's travel ban on Speaker Pelosi in light of the government shutdown is fair?
"Tolerance"
Human trafficking happening in our backyard
Would you try this?
If a Republican did this, they'd be destroyed
Oh boy. 👀
Faith-based retirement village denies lesbian couple’s request to move in. Couple sues — and loses.
Get ready for much more Ocasio-Cortez social media — she's teaching Democrats how to tweet just like her
This is refreshing
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer admits walls work, says they're not immoral or racist
Don't use the word "family" at Google. It's VERY offensive.
"This senseless act is a stark reminder of why the United States remains resolved in our fight to defeat radical Is…
No regrets for the massive temper tantrum
This. Is. Hilarious.
Here we go again
👇 This mug is back tonight. Check out @BlazeTV to get your #MugClub fix
White people and their ...search engines 🙄
Pennsylvania suburb will hold open auditions to find a new mayor
Democratic socialists join LA teachers on picket lines to harass 'scabs.' Communist Party announces its support.
When you “identify” as a comedian
Toxic masculinity message in front of Aussie fire dept. forced down, sparking outcry: 'STOP apologizing'
Thanks for the love, Jeremy!
Police officer fatally shoots 14-year-old boy who had an airsoft gun — and reportedly wouldn't let family view the…
Texas mayor resigns following accusations that she misused city funds to see Michelle Obama
Hollywood favorite Chris Pratt to remarry: "God is going to be a part of this marriage"
Almost everything the government currently does could be done better by the private sector
Pelosi cares more about illegal immigrants than their American victims
Trump tends to do what Pelosi wants
Steve Burke, head of NBCUniversal, says that hiring Megyn Kelly to host the 9 a.m. hour of the "Today" show was a m…
Someone needs a new PR rep ...and a brain
BREAKING: The media can't take a joke
Media blasts Christian school for having Christian values
How is this a good idea?
Facebook plans to invest $300M in local news partnerships
Somali terrorist group al-Shabaab kills 14 in attack on upscale Kenyan hotel complex
Prestigious university debuts all-gender locker room at recreation center to be more 'inclusive'
You'll never look at carrots the same way again
Get ready for much more Ocasio-Cortez social media — she's teaching Democrats how to tweet just like her
Crenshaw shuts down Dem Rep. Omar, who accused him of 'virtue signaling' by refusing shutdown pay
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer admits walls work, says they're not immoral or racist
You can't be serious
Phil Mudd swiftly dismantles Nancy Pelosi's 'Kardashian moment' over Trump's State of the Union speech
Freshman Dems try to confront McConnell over shutdown—but struggle to find his office
DOJ report shows just how few legally purchased guns are used to commit crimes
Where's the proof?
The FBI just arrested a man who plotted an attack on the White House tomorrow — here's how they caught him
Bringing back diseases that were nearly entirely eradicated
Hotel dishwasher, a Christian, awarded $21 million in lawsuit over working Sundays
ISIS claims responsibility for suicide bombing in Syria targeting US patrol that killed US soldiers
🚨🤠 Look who's joined @BlazeTV — @WatchChad! We're thrilled to add comedian Chad Prather to our already sizzling 🔥 l…
Here's how many Americans think the 70 percent tax plan from Ocasio-Cortez is a good idea
Turkey seeks extradition, arrest of NBA player for alleged terrorist connection
DC government under audit for possible misuse of federal funds to combat drug epidemic
David Webb blasts CNN analyst Areva Martin after she assumes his race: ‘She throws her team under the bus!’
Do NOT mess with a man's daughter
Media blasts Christian school for having Christian values
Even faker news than usual
*EYEROLL*
Why aren't Democrats concerned about the lost lives of American citizens at the hands of illegal immigrants? One An…
11 Republicans voted with Democrats
Catch BlazeTV's newest addition @WatchChad on "The News and Why It Matters" now.
You'll never look at carrots the same way again
The church says docuseries 'Scientology and the Aftermath' is to blame
Someone needs a new PR rep ...and a brain
Are you concerned about the length of this government shutdown?
This is ridiculous
You can't be serious
Cheadle with a truth bomb
We can't wait 🔥
😳
The plot thickens
Help us, Will
If anyone has any eye bleach to spare, let us know
🚨🤠🚨🤠🚨🤠🚨🤠
BREAKING: The media can't take a joke
How is this a good idea?
Well...bye.
Hollywood favorite Chris Pratt to remarry: "God is going to be a part of this marriage"
That's a pretty massive allegation to make with zero proof, Stephanie
Almost everything the government currently does could be done better by the private sector
🚨🤠 Look who's joined @BlazeTV — @WatchChad! We're thrilled to add comedian Chad Prather to our already sizzling 🔥 l…
Pelosi cares more about illegal immigrants than their American victims
Trump tends to do what Pelosi wants
Steve Burke, head of NBCUniversal, says that hiring Megyn Kelly to host the 9 a.m. hour of the "Today" show was a m…
Toxic progressivism #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Facebook plans to invest $300M in local news partnerships
Somali terrorist group al-Shabaab kills 14 in attack on upscale Kenyan hotel complex
Fake news, you say? No way 😱
Prestigious university debuts all-gender locker room at recreation center to be more 'inclusive'
ISIS claims responsibility for suicide bombing in Syria targeting US patrol that killed US soldiers
David Webb blasts CNN analyst Areva Martin after she assumes his race: ‘She throws her team under the bus!’
Did something bad happen? Blame Trump!
Calling the miscarriage of a baby "medical waste" is one of the most vile things you can say to a couple who lost a…
Here we go again
The best reason to open on a Sunday. Good job @ChickfilA
Oh wow. A pleasant surprise.
She just kept digging the hole deeper
The players loved Trump's menu
Push for National Assembly President Juan Guaido to take the reins and restore democracy to socialist nation
'Bruce Jenner is still a man': Protesters fume over 'anti-gay' church sign in California
Ocasio-Cortez has meltdown after journalist points out something she 'has in common with Trump'
TV station that accused CNN of refusing to air positive border wall story does not back down
Dems spend weekend with more than 100 lobbyists in Puerto Rico despite partial government shutdown
Massive locust swarm strikes Mecca, insects cover mosque and Muslim worshipers
DOJ report shows just how few legally-purchased guns are used to commit crimes
Impressive
What 2nd Amendment?
Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand to run for president as 'a fierce opponent' of Trump
MS-13 members are laughing at our incompetence at the border
When a CNN analyst accuses you of white privilege and you’re @davidwebbshow
Lawsuit reveals LA County has more registered voters than US citizens, forcing California to clean up its lists
Steve King votes for House resolution rejecting white supremacy — and one Democrat voted against it
Crenshaw shuts down Dem Rep. Omar, who accused him of 'virtue signaling' by refusing shutdown pay
Court finds evidence that the State of Colorado is acting in 'bad faith' toward Christian baker who won Supreme Cou…
Child drag queen Nemis, 10, photographed with nude adult drag star
University of North Carolina is getting pummeled for hosting Women's March leader despite anti-Semitic sympathies
Republican Rep. Dan Crenshaw giving up paychecks till border security is funded: 'Our national security is at stake'
Beto O'Rourke questions whether constitutional principles 'still work' in today's world
...how is this flag racist?
Incredible
Whoopi Goldberg berates Ocasio-Cortez in scathing rebuke on 'The View'
Kathy Griffin calls out @DonCheadle for not defending her anti-Trumpism — and gets slapped down hard
Huh. It's like socialism isn't working for the people
What is WRONG with people?
Media leaves out facts — shocking!
Your blood pressure will probably skyrocket while reading this
"Toxic masculinity"
The man has a point
It truly was a miraculous event when @ChickfilA opened on a Sunday
Wow. We did not see this coming.
Texas court halts execution for man who murdered 13 month-old in horrific 'exorcism' ritual — here's why
What a mess 😬
Check out @WatchChad on "The News and Why It Matters" now on YouTube!
"Our country is starving for heroes," remarks best-selling author @bradmeltzer who joined @glennbeck this morning f…
SHOCKING: Stacey Abrams sees no issue with non-citizens voting
Ok, this is epic. It's @benshapiro's birthday. Happy birthday!
"You benefit from white privilege," she said ...to the black man
"Last Man Standing" keeps winning over viewers
We love this story from @JeffAllen71 😍
Lol, Iran fails
Chris Christie says Jared Kushner had him booted from Trump camp in political 'hit job'
When do you believe life begins?
ThinkProgress editor gets slapped around for criticizing woman who defended herself against an armed assailant. So…
We dare you to tell a couple who suffered a miscarriage that their child was just "medical waste" to their face
Turkey and US agree to 20-mile 'safe zone' between Turkish border and Kurds
California Dem Gov. Gavin Newsom wheels out plan for new statewide tax on drinking water
Virginia's proposed gun ban could apply to 'most firearms' currently sold legally, group says
Family upset after newspaper refuses to publish obit blaming Trump for hastening woman's death
Liberals should be pleased a woman was able to defend herself from a criminal. To pretend like there isn't a differ…
Calm down, WaPo. It was just a joke.
This Army Sergeant went full MacGyver
Well this is surprising to no one
Can you imagine if he served Chick-Fil-A?
Flashback video: When Biden backed Barr to be AG
The often forgotten 28th amendment: Don't tweet things progressives might not like
We're not allowed to ask people living in America if they are Americans
It won't stop until we make it stop
So thankful for the "detailed analysis" of a fast food dinner set up. Really tackling the important issues.
On her way out, UNC chancellor orders removal of Confederate monument remnants citing 'public safety'
So, Barr was accurate. That is very mild.
Hamberders on the brain #TuesdayMorning
Media attack Sen. Rand Paul for going to Canada for major surgery — but omit most important fact
Twitter suspended conservative radio host Lars Larson for 'hateful conduct' — after his defense of police
Everyone recognizes Siri's voice but do you know the woman behind it? Susan Bennett aka Siri joins "The Glenn Beck…
China successfully grows first plant on the moon
CEO of cybersecurity company foregoes salary to pay workers during government shutdown
Gillette launches ad calling for men to stand up against 'toxic masculinity'
Los Angeles teachers go on strike, blaming 'privatization drain' by charter schools
NY Episcopalian bishop plans to appeal his punishment for refusing to allow gay marriages
Left-wing NYC Mayor de Blasio doubles down on claim of 'plenty of money' out there 'in the wrong hands'
WATCH: Stacey Abrams admits she doesn't 'oppose' allowing noncitizens the right to vote
Supreme Court declines to hear challenge to Matthew Whitaker's appointment as acting AG
California's largest utility filing for bankruptcy over billions in fire liability claims
'McJesus' sculpture in Israeli museum enrages Arab Christians who violently clash with police
FBI considered if Trump was 'following directions' from Russia after firing Comey. Here's the evidence.
Canadian sentenced to death in China amid Huawei flap
New Jersey Police resolve hostage situation at UPS facility
WaPo drops bombshell, claims Trump hid details from meetings with Putin. Trump, Sarah Sanders respond.
TSA announces $500 bonus for workers during shutdown
Colossal TSA failure allowed firearm onboard plane departing Atlanta. Is the shutdown to blame?
Texas court halts execution for man who murdered 13 month-old in horrific 'exorcism' ritual — here's why
First Amendment 'auditors' filming public buildings, police, called 'terrorists' — but are they really?
Virginia's proposed gun ban could apply to 'most firearms' currently sold legally, group says
Top House Republican promises 'action will be taken' against Steve King for racist comments
Monster Jam quietly removes all gun-related images, names from monster trucks
Dems party with more than 100 lobbyists in Puerto Rico despite partial government shutdown
Breaking: Republicans take stunning steps to punish Steve King over his 'white supremacy' comment
California Dem Gov. Gavin Newsom wheels out plan for new statewide tax on drinking water
WATCH: Meghan McCain confronts Women's March leaders in explosive debate on 'The View'
Teacher, 63, viciously attacked by teen at Detroit high school — then students turn the tables on attacker
Trump bought fast food for the Clemson football team's White House dinner due to the shutdown
Congressional Black Caucus wants Rep. Steve King reprimanded, pulled from committee assignments
Tim Allen is going to celebrate when he sees these ratings for his revived 'Last Man Standing' show
Report: Cellphone companies are still selling customers' location data and lawmakers want to know why
Despicable
This wasn't his first strike
🚨 The wait is almost over! @scrowder returns this week. Check out @BlazeTV to get your #MugClub fix…
What do you think of the ad?
"The News & Why It Matters" is live on YouTube now! Join @WorldOfStu, @MightyHeaton , @GlennBeck, and…
This is incredible
Teachers think school privatization is the problem. Can you blame parents for being choosy with their schools?
Trump is more concerned with the wall than the gov't shutdown
How do you feel about this sign?
Do you think traditional masculinity is targeted as problematic in today's society?
Calm down, Philadelphia
If you missed Glenn Beck talking about the Democrats partying it up in Puerto Rico over the weekend, listen here:
Our schools are a mess
This is why people are leaving California
Did your state make the list?
What do you think?
Oh ok
No one trusts this guy with their money
Of course she doesn't
Dems can't let this go
California's largest utility filing for bankruptcy over billions in fire liability claims
#TheBestMenCanBe masculine without demonization
'McJesus' sculpture in Israeli museum enrages Arab Christians who violently clash with police
This book is 🔥
Check out the podcast!
Excellent question. 🤔
It's so hard to keep up!
What do you think of @tedcruz's proposed amendment?
FBI considered if Trump was 'following directions' from Russia after firing Comey. Here's the evidence.
Canadian sentenced to death in China amid Huawei flap
Breaking: Active shooter situation at UPS facility in New Jersey
TSA announces $500 bonus for workers during shutdown
President Trump promises to 'devastate Turkey economically' if it attacks the Kurds​
Colossal TSA failure allowed firearm onboard plane departing Atlanta. Is the shutdown to blame?
Lindsey Graham urges Trump to re-open the government — here’s why
First Amendment 'auditors' filming public buildings, police, called 'terrorists' — but are they really?
Top House Republican promises 'action will be taken' against Steve King for racist comments
Monster Jam quietly removes all gun-related images, names from monster trucks
'Bruce Jenner is still a man': Protesters fume over 'anti-gay' church sign in California
Teacher, 63, viciously attacked by teen at Detroit high school — then students turn the tables on attacker
Ocasio-Cortez has meltdown after journalist points out something she 'has in common with Trump'
California Dem Gov. Gavin Newsom wheels out plan for new statewide tax on drinking water
Dems spend weekend with more than 100 lobbyists in Puerto Rico despite partial government shutdown
WaPo drops bombshell, claims Trump hid details from meetings with Putin. Trump, Sarah Sanders respond.
Congressional Black Caucus wants Rep. Steve King reprimanded, pulled from committee assignments
TV station that accused CNN of refusing to air positive border wall story does not back down
Report: Cellphone companies are still selling customers' location data and lawmakers want to know why
Indiana bill proposes students pass US citizenship test before earning high school diploma
Julián Castro, former Obama Cabinet member, announces 2020 presidential run
Child drag queen Nemis, 10, photographed with nude adult drag star
House Dems ditch terrorism subcommittee, plan to investigate Trump's 'questionable activities' instead
Utah teen crashes car while driving blindfolded during 'Bird Box' challenge
Massive locust swarm strikes Mecca, insects cover mosque and Muslim worshipers
The Women's March is just around the corner.
Ocasio-Cortez campaign hit with fine for failing to protect campaign workers: 'Hypocrisy at its finest'
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel blames NRA for being fired. Then Dana Loesch hits back.
.@CamEdwards is back w/another BONUS episode: "Past Tense, Current Events: Reflections on the Failures of…
.@DanielLapin Podcast: "Let’s Face the Truth: The Left Is Turning America Into a Third World Nation”
GoFundMe returning over $20 million to donors after vet cancels border wall fundraiser
.@ReformThisRadio w/@DrZuhdiJasser: Philanthropic Phoolishness
Senate duel: Dems introduce bill to restrict gun rights; GOP introduces bill to expand them
Instead of a wall, Pelosi wants to repair roads in border region to 'facilitate immigration'
AI expert warns tech could replace 40 percent of world's jobs in little as 15 years
Republican Rep. Dan Crenshaw giving up paychecks till border security is funded: 'Our national security is at stake'
Trump says he won't use national emergency to build wall just yet
GOP senators introduce legislation to prevent future government shutdowns
Ruth Bader Ginsburg expected to return to Supreme Court after time away to recover from cancer surgery
Texas couple found guilty of forcing African girl to labor for years without pay
Special education teacher arrested five times in six months finally placed on leave
Trump eyes path to citizenship as part of revamp for foreign worker visa program
Report: US government has approved thousands of requests to bring child brides into the country
College social justice workshop to teach students 'privilege' — with game of Monopoly
AOC's own party turning on her? Dem lawmaker says, ‘Don’t attack your own people’; others frustrated with ‘Twitter…
Withdrawal of US troops from Syria begins
Report: Microsoft Bing displays — and even suggests — illegal child pornography images in response to searches
Before Mueller, the FBI was investigating whether Trump was secretly working for Russia: NYT report
Sarah Sanders issues a scathing response to NYT report of FBI investigation into Trump before Mueller probe
Crook pulls gun on woman at bus stop. But she has a concealed carry license — and he pays permanently.
Missing 13-year-old Jayme Closs found alive 87 days after the discovery of her parents' bodies
WATCH: Trump took a hilarious jab at Jim Acosta when he saw him in the White House
Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard announces 2020 presidential run
China increases crackdown on Twitter users
GOP Rep. Steve King may face punishment for 'white supremacist' comment, Pelosi says
(Update) San Diego TV station says CNN asked for ‘local view’ on border wall but refused to air it when it showed t…
Democratic Rep. who decried Trump's 'political terrorism' has a stunning statement about the wall
🚨🚨WATCH: Steven Crowder: THE COMEBACK!
Authorities find 21 dead bodies in Mexican border town, casualties of drug cartel violence
Poland arrests employee of Chinese tech giant Huawei for spying for gov't
SkyNet wants your jobs
Breaking: Gov. Ron DeSantis removes Broward County Sheriff Israel over failed Parkland massacre response
This seems like a never-ending issue
Education or indoctrination?
This was quite unexpected
Well. This took an interesting turn.
Probably not the best idea in 2019
This is so good
Well...bye.
Jim Acosta and Sarah Sanders are surprisingly not getting along
Accuracy in reporting
It feels weird to agree with Chuck Todd
Preach
R. Kelly's attorney confirmed that his client married the late star Aaliyah when she was 15 years old and Kelly was…
There's a reason people are flocking to Texas and Florida from heavily taxed blue states. Pick up one of our sweet…
Republicans want to prevent future shutdowns
Spider rain or snake island?
The Trump - Acosta storyline never disappoints
"This inaccurate plaque is a historical abomination"
Gary Oliva, a convicted pedophile was long been suspected of being involved in the murder of then-six-year-old JonB…
Is he even real? Republican @DanCrenshawTX gives up paychecks during the shutdown while still pushing for a solutio…
"Democratic" Senator 🤔
Is @benshapiro running for POTUS?!
RBG is making her return after receiving a clean bill of health
Texas couple found guilty of forcing African girl to labor for years without pay
"You would expect that a professional that deals with children and parents would try to keep a clean record"
Why don't we just send buses to pick them up and bring them across the
Virtue signaling on twitter won't end the shutdown any quicker. Working to solve the border crisis will. Feed two b…
So many mind-reading liberals
Ouch 😅
NOPE
Does someone need to explain what "shall not be infringed" means to Dems?
He's all about legal immigration
The political animosity is getting out of hand
Siri, show me the worst way to spend a Saturday
Beating cancer is an incredible feat. 👏
US government has approved thousands of requests to bring child brides into the country
AOC's own party turning on her? Dem lawmaker says, ‘Don’t attack your own people’; others frustrated with ‘Twitter…
.@glennbeck went off on Jim Acosta's terrible, no good report down at the border fence in Texas.
Withdrawal of US troops from Syria begins
Report: Microsoft Bing displays — and even suggests — illegal child pornography images in response to searches
Crook pulls gun on woman at bus stop. But she has a concealed carry license — and he pays permanently.
In honor of #NationalMilkDay, remember drinking white milk makes you racist!
Reports indicate the White House is quietly preparing for a possible Ruth Bader Ginsburg departure from the Supreme…
BREAKING: Missing Wisconsin teenager Jayme Closs found alive after 87 days of searching
China increases crackdown on Twitter users
Yes. The mom is also a victim in this story, but her son certainly is not.
We wonder which way they voted.... 🤔
We need a monument
🚨🚨🚨🚨
Pretty sure anyone who doesn't answer @ChickfilA needs to spend some time in prayer.
San Diego TV station says CNN asked for ‘local view’ on border wall but refused to air it when it showed that walls…
NEW season of 40 Acres and A Fool w/@CamEdwards and Miss E Listen and Subscribe: Off-Farm Adventures
Longtime suspect confesses to JonBenét Ramsey murder in letters to high school classmate
Texas landowners bracing for legal fight as Trump pushes plan to build border wall
Iconic '70s radical 'stunned' after human rights award rescinded, says her pro-Palestinian stance is reason
After adopting open bathroom policy, Starbucks will install hypodermic needle-disposal boxes in bathrooms for worke…
WATCH: TV staffer fired after station airs video altered to make Trump look bad
Iranian supreme leader dismisses US officials as 'first-class idiots'
Lawsuit reveals LA County has more registered voters than US citizens, forcing California to clean up its lists
Christian actor plans world's tallest Jesus statue in crime-ridden part of Mexico
Sec. State Pompeo condemns Maduro's 'illegitimate usurpation of power' as Venezuelan dictator is sworn in for secon…
Trump AG nominee William Barr faces serious scrutiny from left and right
Report: School resource officer reportedly removed from job after writing school principal a parking ticket
Former Texas judge sentenced to six years in prison for creating fake sex-for-hire ads for women he dated
Trump says he will 'probably' declare a national emergency to build wall if Congress doesn't fund it
Could the White House lose its water during the shutdown?
FDA issues warning that some chocolate candies may be contaminated with hepatitis A
‘Romeo and Juliet’ costume sparks offense in Pennsylvania high school — and now its use has been banned
Democratic Rep. says she knows the real secret goal that Trump wants, and it's not a border wall
Instead of a wall, Pelosi wants to repair roads in border region to 'facilitate immigration'
Turkey says it plans to attack Kurds in Syria whether or not US troops leave
A-list actor Chris Pratt goes on Bible-based ‘Daniel Fast’ — which includes 21 days of intensive prayer and fasting
Chuck Todd says this possible presidential candidate has had the worst start to the year
ICE deports HS student for suspected MS-13 activity; now the school board might remove all cops from every school c…
FDA sharply reduces food inspections amid partial government shutdown
Teen girls get violent, threaten mom who asked them to leave children's play area at McDonald's
Louder with Crowder returns January 17th! Here’s a behind-the-scenes look at The Comeback.
Lady Gaga apologizes for duet with R. Kelly, vows to remove song from streaming services
Jim Acosta is feuding online with Sarah Sanders and Trump Jr. over the border wall
‘Wild’ arrest video featuring cops, suspects, and bystanders goes viral, sparks NYPD investigation
There’s a giant statue celebrating Saudi Arabia near ground zero in NYC — here’s why
High school basketball ref fired after asking if Hispanic players had their green cards
A 'depressed' Lindsey Graham says Trump should use emergency powers to build the wall
Rubio warns against broad use of executive power: 'Tomorrow, the national emergency might be climate change'
Longtime suspect confesses to JonBenét Ramsey murder in letters to high school classmate
He tried to make Trump look bad.. and lost his job. Well played.
Texas landowners bracing for legal fight as Trump pushes plan to build border wall
'Fox & Friends' host warns Trump against declaring a national emergency — here's why he says it's a bad idea
Your rights don't matter ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
While the outlet said the institute's statement didn't detail what criteria Davis failed to meet, she apparently ha…
Sure our leaders are losing sleep over this
Grab a latte, and dispose of your drug needles
California lawmaker proposes bill to eliminate paper receipts... but the real story is the guy who drew the short s…
The daily fat pile is calling.
Way to go, Democrats.
Seems problematic, doesn't it?
Funny how that works out, huh?
Glenn Beck is taking your calls about his 2018 predictions at 5:00 pm ET on @BlazeTV. Call 888-727-BECK #AskGlenn
Culture, politics, and in-depth coverage from a Christian, millennial perspective. Subscribe and rate "Relatable"…
Wow, what a statement
Poor Jim keeps dunking on himself
He's right
Cuomo doesn't believe a fully formed, 9-month-old baby deserves to live until its first breath
How was this a fair election?
Beto is *so* relatable
Bad Jeff
Those are "manufactured" problems 🙄
Jim Acosta says walls aren't needed while filming himself in an area characterized as safe... because of its wall.…
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are closely scrutinizing Barr's record
Omg now he HAS to run for POTUS! He gets his teeth cleaned just like us! 😍
HuffPo: Border security EXPERTS
What example does this set for the students?
Illegal alien blames government shutdown for forcing him to seek sanctuary at a church
DEAR DIARY- Today I safely reported from behind a wall about why I just don't understand the importance of walls.…
Some people cope with ice cream. Others with fake sex-ads
It seems like this school board would rather protect MS-13 members than its students
And it's just getting started.
Trump isn't backing down
Where did the real fear mongering on the border security issue come from? @andrewklavan says it wasn't Trump.
Would DC Water really put a lien on the White House or cut off its water supply?
FDA issues warning that some chocolate candies may be contaminated with hepatitis A
Well that's comforting
A-list actor Chris Pratt goes on Bible-based ‘Daniel Fast’ — which includes 21 days of intensive prayer and fasting
FDA sharply reduces food inspections amid partial government shutdown
Teen girls get violent, threaten mom who asked them to leave children's play area at McDonald's
Lady Gaga apologizes for duet with R. Kelly, vows to remove song from streaming services
‘Wild’ arrest video featuring cops, suspects, and bystanders goes viral, sparks NYPD investigation
There’s a giant statue celebrating Saudi Arabia near ground zero in NYC — here’s why
‘Romeo and Juliet’ costume sparks offense in Pennsylvania high school — and now its use has been banned
Looking good 🔥😎
Let us know your questions below!!!
Boy misses his dog while undergoing cancer surgery, until a stranger steps up and drives it thousands of miles to s…
Kellyanne Conway slaps down 'smarta**' Jim Acosta during White House presser
To promote gender equality, California governor's wife won't go by 'first lady'
Clemson freshman QB Trevor Lawrence on huge stage after nat'l championship — but 19-year-old puts 'identity in what…
Broward County Sheriff finally facing consequences from failed response to Parkland massacre
A new poll shows how many Americans say there's a 'crisis' at the border
California lawmaker proposes bill to eliminate paper receipts
Italy, Poland make plans to form anti-European Union alliance
The Oscars are happening next month and the host is ... no one
Kevin Hart thumbs his nose at liberal Oscars despite the fact that they want him back as host: ‘I’m just done’
New York's Orthodox Jewish community hit hard by measles outbreak
Trump says he has ordered FEMA to cut off funds to California 'unless they get their act together'
Piers Morgan blasts Dems over their ‘rank hypocrisy’ in refusing to support border wall construction
Terrifying video: Accused killer aims at cop, pulls trigger — but gun doesn't fire. It's his final mishap.
Environmentalists won't be happy with Trump's new nominee to head the EPA
Analysis: Ignore Lisa Murkowski. There's only one senator you need to watch in the shutdown fight.
Illegal alien blames government shutdown for forcing him to seek sanctuary at a church
Jeff Bezos announces divorce amid reports he was seeing another woman
Court finds evidence that the State of Colorado is acting in 'bad faith' toward Christian baker who won Supreme Cou…
Professor blasts ‘progressive police’ culture, rails against indoctrination in collegiate settings
Rare penny found more than 70 years ago could bring in $1.7 million at auction
Report: Republicans are pushing for a compromise on the border wall — here's how they want to entice Democrats
Boy with autism, 9, dragged by elementary teacher through school hallway — and now she's in trouble
Fox News' Shepard Smith tears into Trump over 'long broken' promise of Mexico paying for the wall
Twitter testing new features aimed at promoting 'healthy' conversations while users keep asking, 'Why can't I edit…
Megyn Kelly rips Seth Meyers' show after it mocked deaths of Americans killed by illegal aliens
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard calls out fellow Democrats for 'fomenting religious bigotry'
Bryan Cranston defends role as quadriplegic in 'The Upside'; others argue part should've gone to disabled actor
Transgender woman allegedly attacked by two women in bathroom in NC bar
Here's who won the prime time ratings war between Trump and the Democrats on immigration
WATCH: Schumer slams Trump's 'ineffective' border wall. But here's what he said when Obama was president.
Rod Rosenstein — who currently oversees Mueller probe — plans to leave DOJ after William Barr gets confirmed
'We are going to have fatalities' among veterans if shutdown continues, union leader says
“Duck Dynasty" star Missy Robertson is passionate about helping those in need
Meeting between Trump and Democrats on gov't shutdown just ended explosively — here's what happened
Here are the top 5 states people are fleeing — and where they are moving to
Professor who exposed 'biased academic left with fake studies' is in trouble with his college over it
Mother of armed robber shot dead by man defending his children: 'Why did he shoot him five times?
Piers Morgan blasts Dems over their ‘rank hypocrisy’ in refusing to support border wall construction
Italy, Poland make plans to form anti-European Union alliance
The Oscars are happening next month and the host is ... no one
Kevin Hart thumbs his nose at liberal Oscars despite the fact that they want him back as host: ‘I’m just done’
New York's Orthodox Jewish community hit hard by measles outbreak
We're live now on YouTube for this episode of "The News & Why It Matters." We're also joined by the one and only…
Trump says he has ordered FEMA to cut off funds to California 'unless they get their act together'
We know you can't get enough of @WatchChad and neither can we. That's why he's back again today on "The News and Wh…
Terrifying video: Accused killer aims at cop, pulls trigger — but gun doesn't fire. It's his final mishap.
What did you think about Trump's speech?
Environmentalists won't be happy with Trump's new nominee to head the EPA
Analysis: Ignore Lisa Murkowski. There's only one senator you need to watch in the shutdown fight.
Do you have questions about Glenn Beck's 2018 predictions? Comment below and we'll read them on the air on Thursday…
Broward County Sheriff finally facing consequences from failed response to Parkland massacre
Yeah, this helps
An incredible athlete and inspiring young man
When you don't pay people, they don't work (talking to you, socialism)
Jack Phillips, the Colorado baker who successfully fought the Colorado Civil Rights Commission all the way to the S…
Whoopi Goldberg berates Ocasio-Cortez in scathing rebuke on 'The View'
Insulting your customer base — interesting marketing tactic
Michael Jacobs, a business professor at the University of North Carolina, penned a scathing op-ed railing against l…
Makes total sense
Um.. penny for your thoughts?
Another way to word this headline is, "Trump was right."
Can you imagine if this were you child?
Very curious how they'll measure "healthy conversations"
👀
That joke is probably hilarious to the families of Ronil Singh, Mollie Tibbetts, and Kate Steinle.
On now! 👇
This mom wants to know why her son was shot five times by a man defending his children
Mocking murder victims is funny to Seth Meyers
What Nancy and Chuck lacked in likability, they made up for in meme-able content. Here are some of our favorites fr…
Transgender woman allegedly attacked by two women in bathroom in NC bar
WATCH: Schumer slams Trump's 'ineffective' border wall. But here's what he said when Obama was president.
Report: Rod Rosenstein — who currently oversees Mueller probe — plans to leave DOJ after William Barr gets confirmed
That awkward moment when you realize Democratic leaders have expressed support for "racist" border control. Great v…
With 'Duck Dynasty' over, this Robertson wife is dedicating her energy to an incredible movement
You don't have to be a fan of Roy Moore to dislike Democrats meddling in elections
Is your state on the list?
#WednesdayWisdom
Is there a single thing about President Trump that Pelosi and Schumer don't dislike?
Show about the life of Jesus now largest crowdfunded series ever
Chinese tech giant whose CFO is being held in Canada is reportedly tied to front companies in Iran, Syria
Well, this is adorable
Perhaps she should have fact-checked her story first
Mexico to place guards at hundreds of points along its own southern border as another caravan makes its way north
Report: White House preparing 'gingerly' to replace Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Supreme Court
Next time, don't rob a professional athlete. Or, ya know, get a job
We'd love a study on how feminizing men affects their health
Hm. Wonder why CNN is worried about citizens hearing the POTUS speak about border control?
2019: Bath mats are offensive
You make the money; Dems spend it on illegal aliens
This is so ridiculous, it's almost funny.
At least four Americans are being held captive
Kellyanne Conway absolutely DESTROYED Acosta
Dems really want your money
When you want to be angry, but facts just get in the way
Acosta got rekt
Is he right?
😅
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez upstages Dem leaders and gives her own fiery response to Trump speech
If even there existed a chance the memes would stop before tonight, it’s gone now.
Who wore it better? A. Beto O’Rourke B. @tedcruz (I think we all know the winner here)
😳
Rarely does Shaun King wait for facts to make accusations
Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-Mich.) was accused Monday of perpetuating historically anti-Semitic sentiments.
Do you have questions about these predictions? Comment below and we’ll read your comments on air this Thursday at 5…
Caption this:
WATCH: Trump blames Democrats, makes the case for a border wall in prime time speech to the nation
Not a common post-game interview
"People don't build walls because they hate people on the outside. They build them because they love the people on the inside." - @POTUS
A very special father-daughter wedding dance is going viral for its poignancy and meaning
Are you watching the President’s address in 5 minutes? 👀
Ahead of Trump address, a new poll shows how many Americans say there's a 'crisis' at the border
Brown's lawyers and other advocates said Brown is a victim of sex trafficking.
Do walls work? "Yes, they absolutely work," Morgan said
Whoopi Goldberg berates Ocasio-Cortez in scathing rebuke on 'The View'
Threatening your elderly father with a knife over a bloomin' onion ...yikes
The true freshman is an athletic powerhouse. But football is only part of Lawrence's story. His Christian faith pla…
Breaking: Broward County Sheriff finally facing consequences from failed response to Parkland massacre
How does this help gender equality?
This is what happens when you expect people to work without a pay incentive (cough socialism cough)
He argued that an 1868 treaty between the US government and the Crow Tribe vindicates his actions
Kellyanne Conway absolutely DESTROYED Acosta
A good Samaritan drives 2300 miles to reunite a sick boy with his dog, and it's the best thing we've read today
"Make no infringement"
Chinese tech giant whose CFO is being held in Canada is reportedly tied to front companies in Iran, Syria
Guards will be placed along Mexico's southern border in an attempt to stop the next wave of illegal crossings from…
We'll do it LIVE. The News & Why It Matters is live on YouTube now. Subscribe to BlazeTV today and use promo code…
She really tries
When you're so sensitive you can't like a music festival because an organizer is a Republican 🙄
Where's the accountability?
Is this what a "champion of women" says? 🙄
A new report suggests that the White House is quietly preparing for another Supreme Court appointment
🚨 @KellyannePolls - 1, Acosta - 0
If you're going to rob someone, don't pick a UFC fighter
This definitely happened. 👀
The war on masculinity continues
What's CNN afraid of?
What ...what if bacon is next?
Should President Trump utilize "national emergency law" to build a border?
This is so ridiculous, it's almost funny.
So this is why New Yorkers can look forward to insane tax rates
Is there a single thing about President Trump that Pelosi and Schumer don't dislike?
Iran is holding at least 4 Americans as prisoners
Is your state on the list?
🔥🇺🇸🏋️‍♂️*Rocky theme song plays epically in the background* 🏋️‍♂️🇺🇸🔥 The moment you've been waiting for is almost…
👇
You don't have to be a fan of Roy Moore to dislike Democrats meddling in elections
Ohhhhhhh yeahhh 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Order now for only $89 for a full 1-year pass using code RANT.
Even Bama fans should be a little impressed by this. What do you think, @GrahamAllen_1?
That awkward moment when you realize Democratic leaders have expressed support for "racist" border control. Great v…
Remember the 2017 tax break that helped companies and employees? Dems want to undo that.
The Glenn Beck podcast with Daniel Flynn premieres NOW on YouTube.
Do you agree the new conditions for leaving Syria are a bad decision?
The United States has reportedly sent the USS McCampbell, a guided-missile destroyer, through disputed waters that…
Once again, Shaun King names an innocent man guilty and ruins his life. Maybe wait for all the facts next time.
Millennial beats up her parents for refusing to get her a blooming onion. What.
Far-left Dem who called Trump 'motherf***er' now under fire for egregious anti-Semitic smear
RIGHT?!
Obama border patrol chief reveals the inconvenient truth about border walls. Democrats will not be happy.
This bride's wedding dance with her terminally ill father will have you in tears in no time
Show about the life of Jesus now largest crowdfunded series ever
Taking an innocent life shouldn't be a source of pride
New A.I. tool used to flag false police reports
So why aren't politicians taking it seriously?
Long dead mammoths provide an alternative source of ivory
Thankfully, her plans aren't working out so well
Black Lives Matter activists aren't too happy with Nancy Pelosi
Prisoners get steak. Guards get... overlooked. This can't possibly go badly.
LA Times writer suggests you can look past anti-Semitism of Farrakhan and the Women's March
Do you find this problematic?
Justin Amash FACT CHECKS new Dem congresswoman over erroneous claim
Just find the money tree
WATCH: Dems introduce bill to eliminate Electoral College. Here's why a national popular vote would 'undo America'
Lol, ok.
"The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work!"
When actor Christian Bale got behind the microphone Sunday night, he acknowledged the "dumb crap that can come out…
What do you think?
The government cares more about money than citizens?!
Clemson coach Dabo Swinney gives glory to God and has words of wisdom after winning national title…
Democrats tried to sabotage Roy Moore with second fake Facebook campaign during Alabama election
Ugh, science is *so* hurtful
A cause feminists should fight for
Marco Rubio accuses Democrats of trying to hide how extreme their members are — here's why
On Saturday, Scalise criticized Ocasio-Cortez after she told "60 Minutes" she supports a progressive tax of up to 7…
Cyntoia Brown, convicted of first-degree murder at age 16, granted clemency after serving 15 years
Darn white people and their *checks notes* earthquake warnings
Pelosi and Schumer are angry that Trump will have his speech televised — here's what they're demanding
Liberals call for Coachella boycott because the festival's owner is a Republican
The truth didn't the narrative many were pushing
Hilarious
.@VickiBarbolak also joined @glennbeck & @WorldOfStu to talk about @agt and #AGTChampions
When Fidel Castro's grandson decided to flaunt his family's wealth on social media, some people in Communist Cuba w…
Don’t miss @VickiBarbolak tonight on #AGTChampions at 8pm ET. Here’s @JeffyMRA and @VickiBarbolak talking about…
CNN's Brian Stelter has a bizarre regret about media coverage in the 2016 election
You look like you could use a little @BlazeTV merch in your closet.
Second black man dies at Democratic donor's h​ome in 18-month period in apparent overdose
Graham 2.0: More progress could be made in shutdown talks if Dems would send 'somebody that's not crazy to deal wit…
Goosebumps
Beverly Petrunich, owner of doggy-daycare center DoGone Fun told the Journal, "They treat them like it was their fi…
He can have guns... but you can't
Tax payers should be getting our money back
This particular public address would mark the president's first address from the oval office since taking office.
.@glennbeck & @WorldOfStu revisit some of the predictions Glenn made for 2018.
Socialism isn't what they think it is.
Oh, that doesn't fit the narrative
"Only" 6 terrorists. Oh, ok
Get well soon, Reese's Cup
Being factually correct is important.
What do you think about decriminalizing psychedelic mushrooms?
Steven Crowder returns to BlazeTV January 17th! Subscribe today for unlimited access to exclusive content.…
LOL
Two of our favorites together- @GrahamAllen_1 and @DanCrenshawTX
Because of our feelz, of course
*facepalm*
The Drug Enforcement Agency considers marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug, which means it has "no currently accepted med…
Glenn sits down with author Daniel Flynn, author of "Cult City: Jim Jones, Harvey Milk, and 10 Days That Shook San…
Facts > feelings
Well, his grandson didn't HAVE to burglarize a home, so...
NO WAY
What exactly is the problem here?
What issue most concerns you in 2019?
This isn't the first time that PLF has taken on the cause of discrimination against boys in high school dance.
Maybe we could talk about a healthy diet, exercise, and personal accountability. Or nah? 😬
Yikes
"Why do you hate happiness?"
This is who feminists should be fighting for
Seems about right
We need more of this
What a cool way to interview candidates
Was this the plan all along?
Oh ok
Abortion is not "health care"
If you think YOU have bad first date stories, you should read this one
In an incredibly tough moment, he still chose to thank God
Doesn't seem like our politicians are representing the people then, does it?
She sounds well
Police reveal shocking reason suspects fired at car that resulted in death of 7-year-old Houston girl
Graham: More progress could be made in shutdown talks if Dems would send 'somebody that's not crazy to deal with'
Let them eat ... steak? Unpaid guards serve federal prisoners lavish holiday meals during shutdown as prisoners moc…
Ruth Bader Ginsburg misses Supreme Court oral arguments for first time
WATCH: Ocasio-Cortez gets asked how she will pay for her socialist programs. Her response is a train wreck.
Report: Joe Biden says he is the Democrat most likely to defeat President Donald Trump in 2020
Christian Bale thanks Satan for Dick Cheney role inspiration — and the Church of Satan loves it
Bar bans mom over T-shirt that declares she's a 'Woman, adult human female,' claims it's not inclusive
True or untrue?
Accurate
Arkansas sheriff's deputy fired after shooting tiny 'aggressive' dog
College students at Passion 2019 raise over $400,000 to translate Bible for deaf people across the world
Trump uses the words of Obama, Clinton to bolster support for border security
Female karate ace, 22, slams home intruder to ground, holds him until troopers arrive
Steve Scalise responds after supporters of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez threaten him: "Snipe his a**"
Portland NAACP says warning signs about building damage during earthquakes represent 'white supremacy'
VIDEO: Far-left Dem who called Trump 'motherf***er' literally runs from reporters when confronted about remarks
Fidel Castro's grandson flaunts lavish lifestyle on social media as average Cuban lives on $30 per month
No, conservatives were not outraged over Ocasio-Cortez dancing video. The media are lying.
Dems refuses to work with Trump on border security, but just attempted to promote abortion overseas
High profile murder of young Houston girl takes 'new direction' after race of suspects revealed
Online child porn leader severely beaten, killed in Michigan federal detention center
White House announces no raises for VP, Cabinet members, which hasn't happened since 2013, anyway
A NEW season of @ReformThisRadio w/@DrZuhdiJasser: Ep. 1 | 2019’s Women of Islamism
WATCH: Voter confronts Elizabeth Warren over her DNA test. Warren's response is mind-boggling.
Homeland Security slams 'fake news' CNN, sets the record straight over 'grossly misrepresented' story
Report: Rachel Dolezal, aka Nkechi Diallo, faces trial for allegedly stealing thousands in welfare
.@DanielLapin Podcast NEW season!: Ep. 1 | The Real Reason Why There Have Always Been So Many Jews in Comedy
CNN analyst defends Dem who called Trump 'motherf***er.' Her excuse couldn't be more hypocritical.
Florida Republican Gov Rick Scott appoints father of Parkland massacre victim to State Board of Education
Assaults against Border Patrol agents soar 300 percent since caravan arrival
Justin Amash FACT CHECKS new Dem congresswoman over erroneous claim
House Democrats to introduce gun background check bill next week
Dem who called for 'motherf***er' Trump's impeachment makes 'slight alteration' to office map involving Israel
Trump says he can build the border wall without Congress approving it — here's how
Trump fires back at 'disgraceful' Democrat who used vulgarity when promising to impeach him
Robert Mueller gets a key extension from a federal judge
Because taxation theft is so much fun!
Doooooo it
Oh Nancy messed up 😬
Can't say we're TOO surprised
Oh boy. More rules from progressives.
Travel to China with caution
Has she read the Constitution?
LA Times writer suggests you can look past anti-Semitism of Farrakhan and the Women's March
Hard to feel too badly about this
Sen. Cruz wants accountability for Washington
Trump says he can build the border wall without Congress approving it — here's how
What is wrong with people?
Apple isn't doing so well
Play stupid games
Inherited hatred
Ruining holidays with politics
Could we have more athletes like this?
LA Times writer suggests you can look past anti-Semitism of Farrakhan and the Women's March
Welch told Fox News in December that despite having every material thing a person could want, he was not satisfied.
Goodness gracious. The never-ending shutdown.
Andrew... you can’t reference your crimes on Twitter. How many times have we discussed this?
What are your thoughts?
Yikes, Nancy!
It's great to see we're focused on the important stuff
Mo' jobs, mo' money
Trump fires back at 'disgraceful' Democrat who used vulgarity when promising to impeach him
And if you bring tuna to your cubicle, you’re deported
Grading papers is racist
What are you doing, @WorldOfStu?!
Also for sale are prosthetic penises for girls who want to stand up while urinating
Holy cow, plot twist 😳
A network we know called TheBlaze might have some ideas on that... 👀🔥
Robert Mueller gets a key extension from a federal judge
The government gets paid. You don't.
Straws are serious business
Did biology change?
Somehow, we can't imagine that "it's an X!" will look great on a balloon
Trump says he can build the border wall without Congress approving it — here's how
Hundreds of TSA officers aren't showing up for work because of the gov't shutdown
Since when do students get to walk out of class?
Warren did not find it as humorous as the 46,000 people who retweeted it did
Things the Right doesn't care about: AOC dancing Things the Right does care about: Elected officials not knowing w…
Definitely worth following 👇
Trey Gowdy issues a scathing rebuke to Liz Warren after she makes this accusation via tweet
National Geographic responds to Neil deGrasse Tyson allegations of sexual assault
See? Ben can’t even stop tweeting about her 🙄
Dem Rep. John Yarmuth admits $5 billion is not that much for a wall, and that walls work
Protesting isn't a skill
Democratic Rep. says she stands by vulgar Trump comment — but watch what happens when reporters question her
But they say we don't need a wall
Online petition calls for US to give part of Minnesota to (Oh,) Canada
This... is hilarious
What is he worried about?
Teaching hatred at a young age
Kyrsten Sinema, first openly bisexual senator, is sworn in — but on the Constitution and not the Bible
This not the face of a man who is uncomfortable. This is just Progressives attempting to manufacture outrage.
Marine Corps integrates male and female platoons during boot camp for first time in history
It's the shutdown that never ends... yes it goes on and on my friends..
The website is called "TransKids," and it's "dedicated to providing young folks with gender expression gear and res…
If you need a pronoun sticker to feel safe...oh boy. Or girl. Sorry.
Okay. What is it when American citizens are killed by illegal immigrants?
How dare Ellen be reasonable!
Trump would still win.
Hey Stu, how 'bout them lotto numbers? 👀
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Friday he has no plans to resign...even if Trump asks him to
Good to see the Dems are tackling the really important things
IT'S HAPPENING #YESWEREEXCITED #YESYOUSHOULDBETOO #YESYOUSHOULDJOINMUGCLUB #BLAZETV
Yep.
Pope Francis, the leader of the Catholic Church, may approve an edit of the prayer over what some experts believe i…
They get paid and keep our money
Welch told Fox News in December that despite having every material thing a person could want, he was not satisfied.
Great incentive to work 😑
We're guessing they didn't run this float when Obama was in office
Why even have classes? Just give out degrees!
With Whoppers for life, he might be spending a lot more time in the Burger King restroom
We heard people like to create outrage where it doesn't exist 👀
Would you want to go back to North Korea?
You don't see this kind of accountability in Washington very often
How well do you think the Dem-controlled House will work with President Trump the next two years?
Where's the problem?
Not sure it works like that...
Who is Tim Cook blaming for Apple's loss in value?
The climate change narrative has never been consistent
When asked about the comment from Rep. Tlaib referring to President Trump as a "motherf*cker," Pelosi said, "I don'…
Cannibal squirrel takes the nation by storm
This is horrifying
And 2019 is looking rough, already!
Remember the first day Dems had control of the House and 1. used expletives to describe the POTUS 2. called the POT…
👇👇👇👇
Sen. Ted Cruz, Rep. Francis Rooney introduce amendment to set term limits on Congress
December jobs report: Employment up significantly; unemployment rate up slightly as more people enter labor force
College offers gender pronoun stickers 'so each individual feels safe navigating' campus
Rutgers students can earn credit for learning 'resistance strategies' in school's new 'Practicing Social Justice' c…
Suspect breaks into crowded liquor store, starts shooting. He apparently doesn’t expect off-duty cop — or death.
Here are the top 5 states people are fleeing — and where they are moving to
Liz Warren responds to Trump tweet mocking her DNA test — and she is not happy about it
New Dem rep doesn't hold back on first day in office: 'We're gonna impeach the motherf***er'
Hopefully the food supply doesn't decrease as the socialism increases
Former NBC News contributor, a veteran, torches mainstream media in internal memo
Could be life changing
We like our straws too, but this is a bit much
Breaking: House Democrats vote to end gov't shutdown — and send Trump an ultimatum
That's certainly an interesting way to recruit...
Conservatives accused of attacking Ocasio-Cortez for dance video. That's not really what happened
Guess we'll see
Within five minutes of launching the portal for H-2B (seasonal, non-farm) visas, nearly 100,000 worker requests wer…
Neil Tyson gets more bad news as investigation into sexual misconduct allegations continues
Making Texans proud
"You know, it is so unbelievable..." Toobin continued, "most presidents have read a book before they became preside…
.@JeremyDBoreing did you actually get suspended for sending these to Jack? Because the suspension might have been w…
Can't go one day without trying to impeach the president
Shots fired
Pelosi says the Constitution makes her Trump's equal
Kind of shocking in 2019
Sally Kohn bashes 'corporate centrist Democrat' Joe Biden as not liberal enough to run for president
For what exactly? We have women leaders. 👀
Don't. You will never get those moments of your life back.
It's not easy being an officer
Some American travelers are being forced into extended Chinese "vacations"
Reporters melt down after Trump takes no questions at briefing
Ehrensaft told NBC that some kids believe they have no gender
Tom never would have let this happen on MySpace
You'll never guess how the suspect labeled the stolen cash
He's right you know. 🔥🔥 Get more @MillerStream from @BlazeTV here:
Number 3 could be because of the beer 👀
This is the same man who thought too many soldiers on Guam would capsize the island
Big government destroys small businesses
Where's the media outrage on this?
Someone please do this
Interesting
Now this is a tough question
And if something happens, and there are no officers present, who will be blamed?
Here we go again
Whelan's arrest came just two weeks after Russian national Maria Butina pled guilty to a conspiracy charge
Cause who cares about biology, right?
Can you imagine how many angry brides there are?
An email threatening a mass shooting has authorities concerned
This is an incredible story
Who is speaking for the unborn women who could one day run for office?
Twitter tackling the real issues
Wyley — who was born female — still possesses a pesky vagina
Downtowners are increasingly nervous about how the incoming class of House Democrats will deal with lobbyists.
Reported
Professor: “Drop this class if triggered by free speech”
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries: "Let me be clear, Democrats are down with N.D.P. -- Nancy DeD'Alesandro Pelosi."
Is there a Bird Box... but for your ears? Asking for everyone enduring the Speaker of the House vote 👀
Oh she's not going to like that
We're literally shaking. @JeremyDBoreing is clearly a danger to free speech. 🙄
Growing in popularity- socialism. Decreasing- the incentive for hard work
It all makes sense now
A California congressman has indicated he plans to file an article of impeachment against President Trump on his fi…
Surprising to hear this in Hollywood
Not to mention it's dishwasher safe 👀
The technology is incredible
This might be a slight overreaction to the straw ban
British Army millennial recruitment ads encourage 'snowflakes,' 'binge gamers,' 'phone zombies' to sign up
Pelosi says impeaching Trump isn't off the table, but that it shouldn't be political
Ann Coulter predicts that Trump ‘will fold’ on border wall, says Matt Drudge sets national agenda
Labor Dept.'s iCert portal crashes under 'unprecedented' demand for temporary foreign workers
Dennis Quaid to perform song for pro-free speech documentary: ‘Our whole culture has become intolerant’
Toobin: Trump doesn't know anything about the Middle East — but his isolationism is appealing to Americans
The tweets in question defended the terror group Hamas and suggested that she would purposefully "give all the [Jew…
Dem rep warns black people about Trump by comparing him to Hitler
Bernie Sanders gives a stunning response to question about sexual harassment during 2016 campaign
Nancy Pelosi's daughter uses gruesome metaphor to describe her mother
Ocasio-Cortez challenges Nancy Pelosi by opposing her 'dark political maneuver'
First Republican women join Senate Judiciary Committee
CLASSIC.
Trump mocks Mitt Romney in response to his scathing WaPo op-ed
Mitt Romney won't endorse Trump in 2020—but he won't run either
He was living the American Dream until it was cut short by sanctuary state law
Today's cabinet meeting certainly didn't lack theatrics
"Wonderful" must have more than one meaning
We can only imagine how fun that was
How is Yosemite responding?
It's not a cab service...
Oh.
Would this have necessitated an apology ten years ago? 🤔
"She drank a beer... she's just like us!" 😑
The tweets in question defended the terror group Hamas and suggested that she would purposefully "give all the [Jew…
Did you make a New Year's resolution?
Drink, drive, get stopped by a good guy with a gun, go to jail
We'll take melodramatic tweets for $1000
"Any contested re-nomination campaign — even a forlorn hope — would only help Democrats."
If you break into a gun owner's home, you're gonna have a bad time
Censoring content has its consequences
Hopefully this breaking news didn't startle you too much
Turns out people don't like their Second Amendment infringed. ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
"You go to the doctor and they put this little straw inside of your cervix, and they just suck the pregnancy out. I…
"Jeff Flake will probably go to work for CNN. That's my prediction." -President @realDonaldTrump
"I'm told I'm the most popular president. How do I do it when I get such unfair press? Because people see the thing…
In reference to the government shutdown: "I was all alone [in the White House] with the machine gunners [on Christm…
"I think I would have made a good general, but who knows." -President Trump
Kanye West is back on the Trump train after taking a break from politics
"President Obama fired Mattis. And, essentially so did I." -President Trump
Sometimes it only takes those three little words...
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel bashes uncle Mitt Romney for Trump criticism
Pro-Trump customer cursed out by 'douchebag' vape shop worker returns to store, defends staffers
Here's what will happen with the K-9 partner of Ronil Singh, the police officer murdered by an illegal alien
Drug manufacturers ring in the new year with higher prices
More Amazon warehouse employees push to unionize
Chinese president uses threats to urge Taiwan to unify with mainland China
Mitt Romney trashes Trump's character, leadership in scathing op-ed
Does the wall get built in 2019?
Netflix pulls comedy show in Saudi Arabia at request of Islamic country's government
US military apologizes for New Year's Eve tweet about dropping bombs
OUCH: New Orleans Women's March cancels over 'drastically' declining participation, fundraising
Family of American arrested in Russia denies that he is a spy
Communist Vietnamese government enacts strict Internet censorship laws
Federal employees' union sues Trump administration over shutdown
We love you, Jeffy!
Tweets that didn’t age well:
What are your predictions for 2019?
Elizabeth Warren announces 2020 candidacy; progressives mostly underwhelmed
Russia claims it has arrested a U.S. citizen and charged him with 'espionage'
Check it out! On YouTube now- ⁦@glennbeck⁩ sits down with Giancarlo Sopo!
Report: New Jersey's 'large capacity magazine' ban isn't going well
MSNBC's Chuck Todd devotes entire episode of 'Meet the Press' to climate change; no time for 'deniers'
Twitter name change viewed as another hint Elizabeth Warren could run for president in 2020
Lindsey Graham explodes on CNN anchor who defends Obama's Iraq strategy: 'That's a bunch of bulls**t'
Facebook takes action against users for calling accused cop killer 'illegal immigrant,' 'illegal alien'
Washington Democrat proposes ‘human compositing’ bill to allow loved ones to be turned into soil
Off-duty officer, citizen, thwart potential church massacre early Sunday in Texas
Widow outraged as convicted cop-killer gets chance to appeal
Dem who authored Calif. ‘sanctuary’ law sends message to family of police officer killed by illegal immigrant
Another migrant caravan with 15,000 will depart Honduras next month. Here's everything you need to know.
Trump executive order freezes pay hike for federal employees in 2019
Organizers cancel Women's March event because participants are 'overwhelmingly white'
Dems Harris, Hirono silent on charity fundraiser invitation to take Polar Plunge in pool of ice water
.@DanielLapin Podcast: Ep. 52 | One Of The Dumbest Things That Smart People Like Us Do All The Time.
Triggered vape shop clerk has epic meltdown, refuses service, repeatedly shrieks F*** you at pro-Trump customer
Dems outraged after Trump pins blame for migrant children deaths on ‘pathetic’ immigration policies
WATCH: California sheriff hammers 'sanctuary' policies after illegal immigrant charged in officer slaying
President Trump personally secures Coast Guard payroll funding amid government shutdown
Apple removes Christian ministry app following complaints by LGBT activists
Facebook banned Franklin Graham for violating 'hate speech' standards with more than 2-year-old post
Celebrity chef bumped from primetime show after comment about 'horses***t' Chinese restaurants
While blaming Trump for government shutdown, Nancy Pelosi vacations at luxurious Hawaiian resort
Michael Moore says he hopes to see Trump family members 'in orange jumpsuits' in 2019
Military says troops did nothing wrong after CNN expert claimed it was 'inappropriate' for troops to have 'MAGA' ha…
Democratic Rep. says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be investigated because she lost the election
Associated Press is taking lots of heat over this classless reporting on death of conservative commentator
Federal office takes serious heat for suggestions to furloughed workers who can't pay bills
Former ICE director rips into California's 'sanctuary city' policy after illegal alien kills police officer
NFL player dismisses LeBron James' 'slave mentality' comment: 'You get paid to play'
NFL player attacks media for not covering his national anthem protests
Beto O'Rourke takes on Trump's border wall in one of his last acts as a congressman
Pennsylvania court rules mother's use of narcotics during pregnancy is not child abuse
Cyberattack compromises identities of nearly 1,000 North Korean defectors
Authorities capture illegal immigrant fugitive wanted in murder of California police officer
California mayor who warned city of ICE raid doesn’t regret it: ‘I did the right thing’
Ohio lawmakers override Gov. Kasich's veto of gun-owner rights bill
Residents of San Francisco are now documenting squalor of city's homelessness epidemic
Chicago PD celebrates 19 percent drop in robberies citywide
Dems won’t be pleased with recently resurfaced videos of Sen. Chuck Schumer talking tough on illegal immigration
Video: Transgender woman completely loses it on store clerk after clerk says ‘sir’ instead of ‘ma’am’
World War II vet Richard Overton, oldest man in USA, dies at 112
Alan Dershowitz says he’s no longer invited to appear on ‘anti-Trump’ CNN over belief that he’s pro-Trump
China warns government departments to clean up social media accounts
Can TheBlaze handle Jesse Kelly?
President Trump threatens to close border with Mexico as standoff over wall continues
Five former California cops who fatally shot black couple allege they were fired because they are white
As US troops leave, Kurds invite Syrian forces to take over strategic city
MSNBC stunned at new survey showing how many Hispanics voted for Republicans in midterms
Brit Hume slaps down Soledad O'Brien over failed attempt to dunk on Trump — and she's very upset about it
Dems may have swayed election, broken laws with disinformation campaign against Roy Moore
Claire McCaskill derides Ocasio-Cortez' popularity among Democrats, and gives her a warning
Trump responds to 'Fake News Universe' criticism of him signing MAGA hats for troops
Suspect in murder of police officer on Christmas night is an illegal alien
'Mueller knows everything': Cohen denies latest report that he met with Russians in Prague
40 Acres & A Fool w/@CamEdwards: Ep. 53 | A Wet, Not a White, Christmas
Phew. Not in a cult.
Doubt it
Jobless claims down last week despite stock market decline
Gun rights group sues Trump administration over bump stock ban
Baltimore mayor apparently thinks the NRA supports private ownership of rocket launchers — and she's fundraising of…
French retiree heads across the Atlantic in a barrel
Jemele Hill stands by remarks calling Trump a ‘white supremacist’: ‘I didn’t even think it was controversial’
Flight attendant's dad joins her on six flights just to spend Christmas with her
A win for Assad? UAE reopens embassy in Syria 'after a careful reading of the developments'
Florida officials warn against firing guns on New Year's Eve: ‘When a bullet goes up, it must come down’
SWAT officer ends Christmas standoff by singing ‘White Christmas’ to suspect who’d barricaded himself with gun
In early December, four people were trapped in an abandoned W. Va. mine. Now they're all in jail.
Referee forces high school wrestler to cut dreadlocks or forfeit match, won't work in the district again
.@CamEdwards and Miss E are back this week. Don’t forget to subscribe and rate to 40 Acres & a Fool…
Suspects try to steal $1,600 in tools from a local store. Then six armed customers surround them.
TV Guide calls Christian actor Chris Pratt 'problematic' — and offers advice on how to love him 'without hating you…
UPS to pay $4.9 million in religious discrimination settlement with the feds over beard and haircut policies
After Trump's visit, Iraqi leaders demand US withdrawal from Iraq
Another women's college will admit men who ‘identify and live as women’ — because of Obama-era rules
Japan to resume commercial whaling for cultural reasons; environmentalists, other nations freak out
ICE released hundreds of migrants in Texas before Christmas — and is planning to release hundreds more
Womp womp
CBP orders medical exams for all migrant children in federal custody
Latest Indonesian tsunami death toll soars past 400
President Trump makes surprise Christmas visit to troops in Iraq
Seems like a bit of an overreaction, but ok
Yikes
Good.

Lots of Christmas miracles this year
*rolleyes*
Alonzo was apprehended by U.S. officials with his father, who together made the long and dangerous journey from Cen…
Walmart Santa arrested after his kids are found buried in his backyard
NYT praises a terrorist group. Oh, ok.

YouTube changed search results to appease liberal writer angry over pro-life videos
He's not playing
Brb, crying 😭
Democratic Sens. Mazie Hirono (Hawaii) and Kamala Harris (Calif.) questioned the fitness of a federal judicial nomi…
The eyeroll heard ‘round the world 🙄
ICE released hundreds of migrants in Texas before Christmas — and is planning to release hundreds more
Boy things have changed.
Here's how media outlets managed to criticize Trump's visit to troops in Iraq
Is this the best tweet ever? Probably.
Is it though?
Ocasio-Cortez tries to politicize Christmas and faces a furious social media backlash
Biden not happy about Obama meeting with other 2020 hopefuls: report
Migrant father declined treatment for son who later died in CBP custody
Does @glennbeck have a matching bow tie though?
That awkward moment when you mock the POTUS for talking to troops 😳
Remember when we were told Trump’s government shutdown would crash the market? 👀
CBP orders medical exams for all migrant children in federal custody
Latest Indonesian tsunami death toll soars past 400
Canadian imam preaches saying ‘Merry Christmas’ is worse than murdering someone
President Trump makes surprise Christmas visit to troops in Iraq
Nearly 3,800 patients in New Jersey may have been exposed to HIV, hepatitis
Working on getting Jellybean a show
Start your New Year’s resolution early!
😳
North, South Korea ceremoniously link railroads — but there won't be any trains running
Outgoing Secretary of Defense James Mattis issues his final holiday message to US troops
😬😬😬😬😬
GoFundMe refunds more than $400K to those who donated to homeless veteran scheme
Russia claims to have hypersonic, nuclear-capable missiles ready for deployment
Internet exploded at Trump for Christmas Eve call to young child. But her parents tell a different story.
Connecticut parents now required by law to vaccinate children against flu by Dec. 31
Turkey amasses tanks, armored vehicles along southern border, slowly moves into Syria ahead of US withdrawal
Is it though? 👀
👇👇👇👇
VIDEO: Lone NYPD cop praised for restraint while fending off group of homeless vagrants: 'I don't want to hurt you!'
This was quite a sight to behold 😳
Israel targets weapons depot in Syria with missile strikes
Family finds hidden Christmas surprise in baby food package
NY officials host toy gun buyback: ‘Saying no to guns is important — even toy guns.’ Police agree.
Another young migrant from Guatemala dies in US custody, inciting outrage and raising questions
Somethings Off With @MightyHeaton: Ep. 30 | A Very Snuffy’s #Christmas on @BlazeTV.
Something’s Off With @MightyHeaton: Ep. 30 | A Very Snuffy’s #Christmas
.@glennbeck's sit down with Ron Hall premieres NOW on YouTube.
New York Times praises terrorist group Hezbollah for bringing Santa to Beirut
President Trump: The shutdown will continue until the wall is funded
Asian markets show mixed signs for investors wary of possible post-Christmas stock crash
NYPD gifts a special wheelchair to teen afflicted with cerebral palsy
#ChewingTheFat w/@JeffyMRA Ep. 69 | A Story & #MerryChristmas
Teen cashier praised for picking up struggling woman's grocery tab
Democratic Senators question whether members of Catholic service organization can be fair judges
Baltimore teachers speak out after string of student attacks
Stock market free fall continues after unexpected statement from Steven Mnuchin
Prominent British actor says it's time for a transgender James Bond
NORAD Santa-tracking program, postal service not impacted by partial government shutdown
Al Sharpton blasts rapper Travis Scott for planning Super Bowl performance
Michael Moore tops Christmas tree with Ruth Bader Ginsburg doll. Twitter's response is priceless.
Der Spiegel magazine considering criminal charges against star reporter who fabricated stories
WATCH: Video shows the horrifying moment tsunami strikes concert after volcanic eruption
MS-13 gang members, child sex offenders, arrested by US Border Patrol agents
Rand Paul releases his annual list of wasteful government spending
WATCH: Lindsey Graham has a message for Democrats who oppose Trump’s border wall — and he doesn’t hold back
Trump announces James Mattis will be replaced a full two months before Mattis' planned retirement
.@DanielLapin Podcast: Ep. 51 | Feminism was Caused by Boys Who Never Matured into Men
Disadvantaged student touches teacher with sweet Christmas gift from the heart
We’ll have all the cheese ready for you when you visit 🐶🧀
#ChewingTheFat w/@JeffyMRA Ep. 68 | Is Your Pig Getting Too Fat?
BONUS! @CamEdwards goes full nerd: Ep. 52 | “Past Tense Current Events: The Holy Barbarians”
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has government shutdown proposal that may win your support
.@ReformThisRadio w/@DrZuhdiJasser Ep. 51 | Syrian Scoreboard: Jihadis 1 US 0
Here's how liberals are responding to veteran's GoFundMe campaign raising money to fund border wall


















The outrage is strong with this one
Pretty sure only living things have a heartbeat
Come on, Chuck
We can't remember the part of slavery where the slaves chose slavery and made millions
Attacking a veteran. Bold strategy.
Last time we checked, Trump didn't take orders from Schumer
Wait. HuffPo cares about unborn babies now? Excellent! Let’s fight abortion!
A good sign you should leave a workplace is if your coworkers wear post-its on their heads
Turns out discrimination doesn't just affect progressives
Where's that money tree when you need it
His father would be proud
Ohhhhh this is good stuff from @MillerStream
None of your holiday favorites are safe
Chad... an hour is like, a really long time to talk about the worst idea ever 😬
It's fine that you're crying right now
Awkward...
"I am in the White House, working hard," Trump tweeted Saturday.
Y’all remember that time progressives hated happiness?
Schumer tells Trump to 'abandon' border wall plan amid government shutdown
Border wall GoFundMe campaign soars to new heights as mainstream media attacks veteran who started it
Festival for 'women, transgender, non-binary' people was discriminatory, Swedish official rules
Ocasio-Cortez schooled, hit with reality check after suggesting better ways to spend $5.7B
Jimmy Kimmel takes swipe at fundraiser by triple-amputee veteran raising money for border wall
Christmas song madness: Miley Cyrus sings feminist version of 'Santa Baby'
Listen now 🎧
Michael Reagan, son of President Reagan, has urgent warning for Trump concerning the border wall
Didn’t expect this from Ms. Ocasio-Cortez
👇
LeBron James invokes slavery to slam NFL owners: 'Old white men' with 'slave mentality'
John Kasich vetoes bill to ban abortions after unborn baby's heartbeat is detected
The newly named highway claims its responsible for creating all of public transportation.
Alexa is having a tough week 😳
Sure would. 😒









Pew pew 🔫 instant justice







Alyssa, maybe you should put down the phone and stop tweeting
Idunn Schneider reportedly falsely accused at least three police officers of sexual misconduct
Would you want your children to wear smart uniforms?
We can always trust Dem leaders for a fair assessment of what’s happening in government
Now if everyone emails it to 10 people before midnight, you’ll have good luck for a year....and Trump will still be…
The Kurds have proven to be invaluable allies in the fight against ISIS.
Chairman of the European Council on Foreign Relations and former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said the resigna…
Kilmeade wasn't shy about his thoughts
Sen. Mazie Hirono snaps over Trump blaming Dems for shutdown: 'such bulls***'
Pope Francis has called on priests guilty of abusing children to turn themselves in

Here's how the U.S. could keep fighting in Syria after the troop withdrawal
Breaking: Government shutdown certain as House and Senate fail to reach agreement over border wall
Charity founder stabbed by intruders in front of family. Son, 6, cries to him to fight back: 'You're Superman!' The…
'God help us!' — Jeffrey Toobin says Ann Coulter is to blame for looming government shutdown
Disney accused of cultural appropriation for trademark of 'Hakuna Matata'
Liberal social media is absolutely melting down over Trump's latest tweet — it's about the border wall
We’ve got the best holiday treats at @theblaze 🎄🧁🥔
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
That's an effective wall.
Beto O'Rourke supported Trump admin positions in Congress with surprising frequency
The Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that President Donald Trump cannot automatically deny asylum bids from anyone who cross…
The Teamsters Local 25 in Boston is being investigated by the National Labor Relations Board for unfair labor pract…
This child has a heart of gold
Remember that time Alyssa didn't know what she was talking about?
Chinese schools use 'smart' uniforms to track students
Graham 2.0 is still 🔥
Homeowner shoots man three times at front door after smartphone app said someone was trying to enter
Ok, Corker. 😑
Right? @dbongino is the 🐐
Mattis departure draws concern from US lawmakers, world leaders
ISIS propaganda poster depicts drone delivering package over NYC
Stu. What are you doing. We cannot RT this 😳
Ruth Bader Ginsburg recovering in hospital after cancerous nodules removed from her lung
WATCH: ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ star Sarah Drew delivers emotional surprise to these adoptive parents
China says US is 'quite arrogant and selfish' for indicting alleged hackers, claims charges are fabricated
Pope Francis calls on priests guilty of abuse to turn themselves in, says church will not shield them
Do you think the bill to fund the wall gets passed in the Senate?
‘Fox & Friends’ host goes off on Trump in heated interview: ‘He just refounded ISIS!’
Democrats, Republicans: "Mr. President, are you sure it's a good idea to ____?" Trump, tweeting:
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
North Texas nonprofit to launch first Christian airline focused on 'helping the world become a better place'
Turkey temporarily postpones its assault on the Kurds in Syria; ISIS reportedly ups its attacks
Radio DJ saves life of suicidal man who had just overdosed on-air: ‘I love you brother, you deserve better than thi…
Woman alleges sexual misconduct, abuse against three police officers. Now she’s the one facing charges.
Korean activists offended by public school mural 'similar' to Japanese 'rising sun' flag. But district isn't budgin…
DID YOU KNOW not everyone is out to get you? Sometimes it’s okay to look past the words used and understand their i…
There are places all over Washington, D.C., where God and the Bible are hiding in plain sight
A man ended up with 1,700 recordings of a total stranger, including private conversations that had taken place in t…
This week has lasted a decade.
This guy is why chill pills were invented.
"How many more innocent people have to die in pursuit of an open borders agenda?!" Miller shouted over Blitzer tryi…
"Hell, I can't understand why we wouldn't go to war over this kind of monstrous theft," Dobbs said.
Is he right to worry?
Your move, Senate.
Planned Parenthood does 👏not 👏care 👏about 👏women's 👏health
This is a great policy
Nice try, but no.
An entertainer who wants to entertain. What a novel concept!
HIV testing for middle-school students. Interesting.
Everyone stop having fun. It's offensive.
"This is a case of an unusually bestial killing of two totally innocent young women."
Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) signed an executive order that prohibits discrimination of state employees or job applic…
"Alexa, why are you the worst?"
"Mistakenly"
Trump aide Stephen Miller berates Wolf Blitzer on immigration in very heated segment
Lou Dobbs compares Chinese hacking to Pearl Harbor, wonders why U.S. doesn't 'go to war' over it
This just really makes us want fried chicken
Progressives want to destroy this man's life
Pregnant employees face discrimination, mistreatment at Planned Parenthood: report
Trump plans big withdrawal of troops in Afghanistan; Lindsey Graham fears 'a second 9/11'
If "let petrol, oil, and coal / prepare to go" doesn't say "holiday cheer," we don't know what does.
Oh boy. What are your thoughts on this decision?
Is there any crime he didn't commit?
Breaking: House passes funding bill — with billions in border wall funding Dems refuse to pass
CNN and fake news? No way!
Here we go!
Washington Post reporter tries to shut down border wall GoFundMe — and gets denied
Can we believe anything Kim Jong Un says?
😑
Illegal immigrants seeking asylum must wait in Mexico under new Trump admin policy
Should we be concerned that Putin is pleased by this decision?
He seems well
Over $8 mil now 😮
Having trouble digesting all the nonsense? @RMConservative's "The Conservative Conscience" helps you cut through th…
Breaking: Trump announces retirement of Defense Secretary James Mattis
This is not good
Thank you for your service, General Matthis 🇺🇸
Progressives want to destroy this man's life
Seems like Peter's already forgotten the 2729323 memes about Biden's love for Obama.
If you're upsetting PETA, you're probably doing something right.
Trying to find our surprised face... nope, can't. 😐
We never cease to be amazed by the wisdom of @RoamingMil. If you're not already, subscribe to her podcast for incre…
Frehley added, "I'm an entertainer. There's no reason to bring up politics. Let me play my guitar and write songs a…
You might need a sweater, cause baby, it's cold outside. Luckily, we've got you covered. Literally. Shop our winter…
What in tarnation — why do middle school students need HIV screenings?
How about you just don't buy them if you don't like them? ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
"Alexa...could you not?" 😳
He ordered the administration to allow the deported migrants back into the United States
Did you miss last night's Christmas edition of #ExperienceMatters with @drewberquist? Don't worry — you can catch i…
In case you didn't already know, women's health is NOT the goal of Planned Parenthood. 🚨
Men can be heard in the clip saying "this is for Syria."
Do you think he's right?
Guess who's back? Back again... @WatchChad's back... tell ALL your friends! Don't miss him today on The News and Wh…
Can't think of a more deserving individual
Would you consider donating to the GoFundMe to build a border wall?
Called it. Sorry, Chuck. 🙃
Progressive churches are singing rewritten Christmas carols to fight climate change
Breaking: Trump tells congressional Republicans he won't sign spending bill without border wall funding
Ohio Gov. Kasich issues order reversing his stance on anti-discrimination policy for transgender employees
If you haven't subscribed to the @conservmillen's podcast on iTunes, what are you doing with your life? Start now w…
Mississippi sheriff arrested on 12 felony charges stemming from disturbing accusations
The US will reportedly end its air campaign against ISIS in Syria
It was a very traumatic experience for him ☹️
Progressives want diversity of skin color and gender - not thought.
Has...has he met President Trump?
Weird, isn’t it? 🤔
Wonder how much this costs...
What a bizarre way to react to someone’s holiday cheer 😳
If the government won’t, the people will.
We have the best hosts 😍🔥
Girl, 8, killed by train after mother told her to crawl under it to get to bus stop on time, police say
Social Security Administration mistakenly withdraws thousands of dollars from deceased woman's bank account; still…
German reporter — former CNN 'Journalist of the Year' — admits to faking stories 'on a grand scale'
Border wall fundraiser hits more than $3 million as donations from ‘Hillary Clinton,’ ‘Barack Obama’ pour in
Armed robbery suspect picks wrong retired Marine’s bar to break into — and feels it fast
North Korea now says it won't denuclearize unless the US removes its 'nuclear threat' first
Putin welcomes Trump's Syria withdrawal, calls pulling American troops 'the right decision'
$1.1 mil doesn't seem worth 17 years in prison.
District Judge Katherine Polk Failla ruled the means for extracting payments as unconstitutional
Well...bye.
Facebook and privacy can't coexist.
The judgement will not likely be greeted by the president's allies, who have accused the media of using the unverif…
A liberal gave Trump credit? Is this a sign of the Apocalypse?
If only there were a way to prevent deported criminals from returning...
Republican Rep. Kinzinger says ISIS will recruit from Trump's decision to pull troops from Syria
Thank u, next
Looking good 😎
“It’s sooooo frustrating when you have an emergency and a white man shows up!” -no one, ever
The Nation of Islam is a black nationalist group under the direction of Rev. Louis Farrakhan that bars white people…
Nikki Haley makes no attempt to hide her opinions in her final address to the UN.
Five-time Olympic gold medalist retires from swimming to fulfill a greater dream — to be a mom
United States ranked as one of the deadliest countries for journalists to work in
Cenk sort of defended Tucker Carlson. What.
Ummmm 🤨
Using gun buy-back money to purchase a bigger gun is brilliant.
Oof. 😒
Making fun of @DLoesch for her name? Are we at recess in third grade?
RIGHT?!
If the movie is half as good as this clip... 👏👏👏
Not everyone is thrilled with this announcement.
It's your move, Turkey. NATO is watching.
People on Twitter must be really bored.
Deported migrants sued the Trump admin. over asylum — and a familiar judge just ruled on it
Facebook: "Oh... that message was supposed to be private. Our bad."
CFPB halts name change after revelation that it could cost millions of dollars
So you're telling us people *don't* appreciate sanctimonious lecturing?
#ChewingTheFat w/@JeffyMRA Ep. 66 | #TrailerNasty Comes to Dallas, TX | Guest: @VickiBarbolak
Breaking: Judge issues major decision over Buzzfeed publishing infamous 'Trump dossier'
CNN's Van Jones credits Trump for criminal justice bill: 'gonna piss off all my liberal friends'
Surely this power won't be abused. Politicians are always trustworthy.
Why be a good parent when you can be a woke parent?
This was more clever in their head.
A federal judge in New York blocked on Wednesday a unique law aimed at collecting $600 million from drug companies…
Because America #IAmCelebratingBecause
Referring to his past three years as speaker, Ryan said, "We have kept our promises. This House is the most product…
The resemblance is uncanny 😳
There's no reason you should be cold when these incredible sweaters exist 🔥
Could @DanCrenshawTX be any more likable?
Check it out 👇
What happened to "America first?" 🤔
Sure seems like people want a wall
Should the U.S. pull out of Syria?
President Trump doesn't approve
Yeah, that's not how the law works.
Don't mess with Texas
If only this could have been avoided. Oh wait...
🚨🚨 Don't miss The News and Why It Matters today - @WatchChad joins us in studio!
Well played.
Um. Are you kidding? This is NOT acceptable.
Build the wall... but between Texas and NEW Mexico
Maybe... just maybe... Hillary lost the election, and it had nothing to do with Russian memes.
Is ISIS defeated? 🤔
Cenk said what? 🤯
Is the bump stock ban unconstitutional?
Tucker isn't phased by the outrage.
The MSM tried to sell us a very different version of this story last week.
Mindblowing.
"We just haven't used the right scissors yet."
Oh hey, Twitter's upset about something! What a surprise.
Our veterans deserve better.
2018 has lost its mind.
.@CamEdwards and Miss E are having issues at the farm…: Ep. 51 | Pipes in Pieces
It's a good day 😎
"When it was over, my heart was pounding. I thought I was going to drop dead right there," he admitted.
Stu! You're not supposed to say that! The witches don't like it. 😬
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
How do you feel about Texas speech pathologist Bahia Amawi's denied contract renewal due to her refusal to sign a p…
"You know, it's a myth that the homeless just take. From my experience, the people with the least give the most of…
"This bill in its entirety has been endorsed by the political spectrum of America," Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said.…
All we needed for Christmas was THIS TWEET from @tedcruz 🔥
Is there no end to the privacy violations from
Haley isn't shy letting know the UN how she feels in her last address before the body
Sean, if you could maybe stop bringing facts into an emotional argument, that'd be great 🙄
One of these payments was for Nation of Islam leader Verbon Muhammad to "provide Nation of Islam religious services…
They probably won't include this on their presidential campaign slogan.
👇👇👇👇👇👇
Makes TOTAL sense *facepalm*
Eric Bolling signs new long-term deal with Blaze Media
Congrats, @ericbolling!
Mom takes down would-be carjacker in the Bronx, holds him until police show up
NPR poll warns Democrats: Most Americans against US becoming more politically correct
Russia announces it has a missile deal with Turkey, despite the US approving a deal of its own
Despite no border wall, US commits more than $10 billion in new aid for Mexico, Central America
Congratulations, Allie! 👶🏼 🍼
After 'SNL’s' Pete Davidson shares alarming post on social media, Dan Crenshaw calls troubled comic with support
Florida vet kickstarts crowdfunding campaign for border wall — and has raised big bucks so far in just 3 days
Chart-topping musician shares a moving message of grace: 'You can't outrun God'
Judge issues a stunning ruling in lawsuit against police and school officials by Parkland victims
Bipartisan criminal justice reform passed overwhelmingly by Senate
Cher calls for boycott of social media over 'collusion with Russia' — but not Twitter
Police release video of gunfight with man on 'reign of terror' crime spree — and he had been deported before
Welcome to Twitter!
Veterans Affairs dropped the ball severely on suicide prevention outreach, report shows
Pew pew
More than a dozen advertisers quit Tucker Carlson show over immigration comment — here's his defiant response
NAACP stages Facebook boycott over alleged black voter suppression
In a tweet on Tuesday, Trump said that the Federal Reserve should "take the Victory" of a strong U.S. dollar while…
The MSM was reluctant to label the attack terrorism, but French officials did.
Self-care is important... but publicly announcing a break before your job has started is a interesting move.
A must-add to your podcast rotation- Experience Matters with @drewberquist. The former counterterrorism officer & O…
Texas governor hilariously responds to news of California companies flocking to his state
“It's about realizing that, even when you're in the midst of the tunnel, God is reaching in there and He's saying,…
How much did @JeffyMRA pay for this review?
Amawi argues the government should not be able to force her to make a pledge inconsistent with her beliefs.
Police seek the public's help identifying the suspect who broke into an elderly couple's home.
Did you know border security (or boarder security depending on who you ask) is racist?
On the 3rd anniversary of the Nazarene Fund's first operation, Iraqi Christians celebrate continued liberty. Tune i…
"Prisoners get defended by cops. Your kids don’t." WOW. This... is unbelievable.
"We recognize that what it means to be a woman is not static," MHC President Pasquerella said.
Japan has expressed concern about Chinese aggression, and North Korea's apparent unwillingness to denuclearize.
Holy overreaction, Batman 😳
Do you see a difference in SNL skits mocking the former president and skits mocking the current president?
Do California lawmakers have any solutions to problems besides "taxes?"
Turn in your bump stocks.
Two of the worst ethical violators of 2018 want to run for president in 2020. Yikes. 😬
Are you surprised that President Trump backed away from a government shutdown to fund the border wall?
Pastor Yang Wi says the Chinese government can't stop the spread of the Gospel
Because, if you remember, Don Lemon said that white men are the biggest terror threat to America.
President Donald Trump's private charity has agreed to dissolve itself under government supervision as part of an a…
We're sure it just slipped their minds.
Jewish students on campus want to know why no one is talking about this anti-Semitism.
We're having the strangest Christmas deja vu...
Stone said she never complained about Rush's behavior because she feared it would negatively affect her career.
If you're shopping winter apparel in the South, it's imperative you include a few t-shirts. Here are a few great on…
Today's hearing was organized chaos. #MichaelFlynn
The benefits of capitalism.
God bless our heroes and their families 🇺🇸💗
Following Flynn’s decision to plead guilty to lying to the FBI, Judge Sullivan has delayed sentencing for former na…
Jim has a lot of blame to pass around but shies away from taking any type of responsibility for his actions.
Absolutely heartbreaking loss. Please keep the men and women who serve us in your prayers.
The deceased suspect had allegedly yelled "Allah Akbar" before he attacked the people at the market in Strasbourg,…
Judge Sullivan to Gen. Flynn, "Arguably, you sold your country out." And many thought this case would be thrown out. 😳 #michaelflynn
Breaking: White House signals it will back down on demand that spending bill include funding for border wall
If you're not already, tune in!
This seems kind of... dare we say it... racist ... 🤨
Jordan Peterson plans to launch alternative form of Patreon that isn't ‘susceptible to arbitrary censorship’ amid c…
If no one uses this idea, it'll be the biggest missed opportunity of 2018.
Breaking: Gov. Doug Ducey appoints Martha McSally to U.S. Senate seat
This is an actual Beto 2020 shirt. From the man who says, "I don't know if I'm a progressive; I'm for everyone." Te…
The rare but powerful RT with both a compliment and devastating burn.
This is art.
Who knew @TheEllenShow was such a big fan of @conservmillen's podcast!
Interesting.
Weeks from starting first congressional term, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez announces 'self-care' sabbatical
Trump again warns the Federal Reserve not to raise rates
Cop's Facebook message to 18-year-old ticketed for driving 100 mph goes viral: 'You are not invincible'
6-month-old baby girl found alive, floating in Missouri pond after father says he drowned her
Les Moonves won’t receive a penny of his $120 million CBS severance after board digs into sexual misconduct allegat…
Recording artist reveals her powerful story of overcoming 'insane depression' and internal chaos
Can 2018 end already?
Make your morning commute great again- check out @conservmillen’s podcast, “Relatable,” on iTunes!…
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
"I didn't have anything to do in retirement and I didn't think that playing bingo was up to my speed," Fein said,
When conservatives use "crosshairs," that's dangerous. But when the left uses "crosshairs"? No harm, no foul.
Because Ben Shapiro is such a threat to safety.
You don't have to work at Amazon if it clashes with your prayer schedule.
CNN says DNC chair Tom Perez has gone 'bananas' — here's what he's doing
A Virginia teacher reportedly stopped an 8-year-old boy from reading his Bible to his peers during "Show and Tell"…
What a mess
Maybe fill those machines with condoms instead
"And preach I will — more of it, and louder. That's exactly why I wrote 'The Theft of America's Soul' to begin with…
So much outrage over a car
Merry Christmas to these students
She was never really a conservative
Children as young as 8 years old will be taught that "all genders" have periods.
The American Center for Law and Justice, a Conservative Christian watchdog group, has started a petition to stop Bu…
The New York Times reports that China has been using members of an ethnic Muslim minority as forced labor.
Many are mocking millennials, but their parents should have taught them basic life skills.
We shouldn't celebrate bad parenting
CNN says DNC chair Tom Perez has gone 'bananas' — here's what he's doing
Casey is living in 3018
Facebook blocks Benjamin Netanyahu's son over anti-Muslim posts. While Hamas, Hezbollah, and the Iranian regime hav…
White men are leading 2020 Democratic polls, and Sen. Gillibrand is concerned
So all was *not* calm 😒
Judge orders Mueller to release important memo on the eve of sentencing for Mike Flynn
Can you imagine a world without cancer?
⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪ ⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪ ⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪ ⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪ ⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪⚪ ⚪⚪🔵🔴⚪⚪⚪ This.. is amazing. And let us know where we should go next in the…
Pastor imprisoned in China pens powerful letter: 'I will continue my faithful disobedience'
So Gonzaga is cool with hosting a terrorist, but they’re afraid of ⁦@benshapiro⁩? That makes sense since so many ha…
In this cautionary tale, Ebenezer YouTube is visited by the ghosts of YouTube past, present and future who try to r…
Beto O'Rourke: 'I don't know' if I'm a progressive, 'I'm for everyone'
CNN anchor says she's 'most patriotic' when watching SNL criticize presidents — here's why
Um, they're dolls.
🙌🙌🙌🙌
Hoooo boy. 😳
This. Is. Adorable. 🥰
Jim Comey castigates Republicans after testifying - but refuses to answer a key question
Tis the season for sweet, sweet merch from @theblaze
Rep.-elect Dan Crenshaw says Trump is wrong to question legality of 'unfair' media coverage
Kind of seems like "hate speech" bans are only enforced when users allegedly target certain groups
We're sure Californians are "lol"ing
On Dec. 4, national security adviser John Bolton admitted that the North Koreans "have not lived up to the commitme…
We did not see this one coming 😮
Border security 🙃 #OnMyGrownupChristmasList
When being "woke" parents is more important than your child's well-being
They had a chance to make a good decision, but nah.
James Comey is *definitely* not partisan, though. 😅
When conservatives use "crosshairs," that's dangerous. But when the left uses "crosshairs"? No harm, no foul.
30,000 Russians live on the disputed islands, where the country's military presence is growing.
Today on The News and Why It Matters, we discuss a pastor's declaration of faithful disobedience in China, the bor…
Never miss the chance to politicize a tragedy. Even if your story isn't true.
Glenn sits down with Dr. Stephen Hicks to discuss the real definitions and differences between capitalism and socia…
Well isn't this interesting?
Okay, this is adorable.
"I didn't have anything to do in retirement and I didn't think that playing bingo was up to my speed," Fein said.
Should Amazon be required to provide time (paid or unpaid) for Muslim workers to participate in prayer rituals if i…
It's a very @scrowder Christmas! 🎄🎅 #MondayMotivation
The law allows employers to require workers to put in an extra 400 hours of paid overtime annually.
Did the Grinch hack UPS' twitter? 😠
Cheese stockpiles, you say? We could help with that. 😮
Fast and Furious 9: Man vs Police Spikes
If Pres. Trump writes a letter to the boy who won, the internet will explode.
There's no law they have to work at Amazon...
It's just a clump of cells! #ProgressiveLogic
What a surprise. Rather than address the validity of his message —we need better security at our border— the left j…
‘Adulting Day’ teaches Gen Z, millennials how do to adult things — like paying bills, changing tires, and interacti…
Israeli company claims it has created new technology that can destroy cancerous tumors
It makes total sense if you don't think about it.
Nothing is safe: Mattel to meet with same-sex couple who demand gay Barbie wedding sets
China is using members of its Muslim minority as forced labor
Camp Fire cleanup workers fired after staging 'abhorrent' photos mocking destroyed town of Paradise; criminal probe…
Meet the celebrity trainer who found God — and now he’s transforming lives in Hollywood
First-ever transgender Miss Universe contestant: 'Having a vagina does not make me a woman'
🤯🔥🚑
Awwwww yeahhhhh 😍
Gonzaga University says Ben Shapiro can’t speak at the school. Ben Shapiro has the best response.
British school district to teach young students that boys, just like girls, 'may have periods'
Conservative Christian group wants Buddhist-based meditation removed from school curriculum programs across nation
Muslim Amazon workers protest against tech giant, claim they don't have enough time to pray
Hillary Clinton writes condolence letter to third-grade girl who lost class president election to boy
Kansas Republican lawmaker switches to Dem party, calls GOP's LGBTQ stance 'absurd'
Top Republican predicts Flynn's guilty plea will be tossed. Here's why.
Colleges installing vending machines with so-called 'morning after' contraceptive pills
Megachurch pastor questioned for $200,000 Lamborghini purchase
Pretty accurate 😬
New poll reveals leading Dems for 2020 Iowa Caucus
Liberals said the death of net neutrality would kill the internet. But here's the truth one year later.
Decorated Green Beret charged with premeditated murder of suspected Taliban terrorist. Trump responds.
Hillary Clinton files new answers under oath about private email system, explains why she used it
Family of young Guatemalan girl who tragically died in CBP custody busts the mainstream media narrative
Here's how Obama responded to a federal judge declaring Obamacare must be 'invalidated as a whole'
Lol Liz 😅
Despite judge's ruling, Obamacare will continue to operate as normal. Here's why.
Catholic priest in Michigan delivers shocking homily after teenager commits suicide, parents devastated
Dems voted for border fence in 2006. Just wait until you hear why one top Dem opposes border wall now.
College places menstrual products in men's restrooms in the name of inclusivity for transgender students
Report: Democratic Sen. Kamala Harris knew about harassment allegations against her top aide
Here’s how much Robert Mueller's Russia investigation has cost taxpayers
Democrat Beto O'Rourke blames border wall in migrant deaths
Iowa schools starting mandatory firearms training classes this spring
New Jersey implements new anti-Second Amendment policy impacting off-duty police officers
Report: Australia recognizes west Jerusalem as Israel's capital
Another top Trump official, this time Ryan Zinke, to leave the administration
Despite judge's major ruling, Obamacare will continue to operate as normal. Here's why.
Breaking: Obamacare ruled unconstitutional by Texas judge - here's what he said
Johnson & Johnson stock drops by billions after this damaging report went public
Breaking: Obamacare ruled unconstitutional by Texas judge - here's what he said
Months after DNA debacle, Liz Warren admits that she is not a 'person of color'
Company pulls ads from Tucker Carlson's show after 'poorer and dirtier' immigration comment
Venezuela took citizens' guns by force—now the people are regretful and helpless against oppression
Breaking: Trump announces new chief of staff — via his Twitter account
Former Trump aide George Papadopoulos is out of prison and wants to run for Congress
Male doctoral student files Title IX complaints against women-only scholarships
Our shoes were untied. #ThingsIveLearnedFromFalling
On today's special Swamp Edition of The News and Why It Matters, @SaraGonzalesTX, @MillerStream, @JesseKellyDC, and…
Male doctoral student files Title IX complaints against women-only scholarships
Barbara makes a good point. 👇
Mom upset that junior high son handcuffed on campus, taken away by officer for missing too much school
The always humble @JesseKellyDC
We're jealous. 😒
🚨🚨 You do NOT miss today's episode of The News and Why It Matters — @SaraGonzalesTX travels to D.C. for a very spec…
President Trump says he's in 'no hurry' to reach a deal with North Korea
New Jersey Democrats propose gerrymandering plan that would give them a permanent majority
Student who converted to Islam says school expelled her for wearing hijab. But school tells different story.
Facebook announces latest security breach — an estimated 6.8 million users impacted
The Weekly Standard shutters after 23 years
China announces lower tariffs, but only temporarily
Congress passes a bill prohibiting members from using taxpayer funds to settle sexual harassment suits
Well this was a disaster.
Lawsuit: Students at major college can get in trouble for 'ridicule,' 'insults'—even 'rude,' 'uncivil' emails
Actress Eliza Dushku reportedly receives secret $9.5 million settlement from CBS after accusing co-star of sexual h…
The quiet acceptance of 'mercy killings' in the US: Even in states where euthanasia is illegal, courts are often tu…
Phil Robertson blasts critic's bad review of his new book: 'I have not — and will not — be ashamed of the Gospel'
Teacher refuses to allow second-grader’s Bible during ‘Show and Tell’: ‘I didn’t get to tell them about Daniel’
This seems like a good opportunity to share @scrowder's fact checking of Washington Post's fact checking…
He probably sends emojis
Five dumb road ragers bring 'large rock' to what becomes a gun fight — and don't stick around for long
It’s a #UglySweaterParty here at the studios
Kremlin takeover? Russia offers Belarus financial aid — if it agrees to more political integration with Moscow
Germany's Parliament approves third gender option called 'Diverse'
Education Department to forgive $150M in student loans
Will Jared Kushner will be appointed Chief of Staff?
Mika Brzezinski opens somber ‘Morning Joe’ with apology — to everyone except Mike Pompeo — for calling secretary of…
Here’s the release by @JeffyMRA and @realKrisCruz that @PatUnleashed just talked about. Baby Is Cold Outside…
Jared Kushner as next chief of staff? Reports say Trump is considering it
'That was not a Trump interview, it was an infomercial' — CNN's S.E. Cupp brutally rips into Fox News
Immigrant child from Central America dies after arriving at border dehydrated and starving
Melania slaps down critics when asked what is most difficult about being first lady
Breaking: Judge issues key decision on Trump's travel ban — here's what he ruled
CNN may know the reason behind the influx of caravans: climate change, of course
That's called "fascism," Ted
It’s 👏 gonna 👏 be 👏 LIT 🔥
This is a weird way to hang out with your friends after work.
Can you blame him?
Spare the rod or go to jail?
Breaking: Suspect in French terror attack killed by police after shootout
FBI wants local police, prosecutors to link into national DNA database
Oh neigh, he didn't 😬
Senate passes resolutions condemning Saudi Arabia, crown prince over Khashoggi murder
Researchers are developing tattoos with smart ink that could alert people to health changes
.@JeffyMRA will announce tomorrow the winner of the @elfontheshelf contest #ElfScout #ChewingTheFat
Federal court filing reveals man targeted a female US senator with violent death threats
Oh.
Boy Scouts of America mulling bankruptcy in face of paying damages from sex-abuse lawsuits
Liberals *definitely* won't like this
A @FLOTUS play in two acts:
BREAKING: Police departments in multiple cities report bomb threats
For only $475, you can be told why being white makes you terrible... "for your own healing and liberation."
Detroit pastor accused of murdering transgender woman
Pelosi says she told Trump she prayed for him. The president's reported reply? It's pure Trump.
Should individuals like Kevin Hart or Kyler Murray apologize for years-old tweets when confronted by the outrage mob?
"I feel like I forgot to pack something..." 🤔
.@tedcruz's beard is a bridge to bipartisanship.
Southwest flight diverted after a human heart was found onboard
He's the only POTUS to decrease in net worth since taking office because he donates his salary to various programs.…
Accused Russian spy Maria Butina pleads guilty
Jerry Seinfeld implies Oscars are worse off since Kevin Hart backed out: 'Who got screwed in that deal?'
Report: Turkey has more jailed journalists than any other nation for third consecutive year
Trump reportedly cancels annual White House Christmas party for media
Indiana police thwart would-be school shooter’s plan to commit violence as suspect was en route to school
From the extended version of the holiday classic —the 12 Days of Christmas: "70 Finches Smuggled"
Man reportedly tries to kill sheriff in knife attack — but bystanders intervene and shut it down
On the shortlist for best tweet of the year:
California state lawmaker arrested for child abuse; kids taken away after he spanked 7-year-old daughter
👇👇👇👇
🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
"No dessert until you condemn the patriarchy."
Sen. Inhofe purchased defense stock after convincing Trump to increase defense spending
China confirms arrest of second Canadian in escalating spat
You mean like... socialism? 🤭
Controversial Christmas display atop school building goes to board vote. Grinches won't like decision.
CVS employee thwarts drug thief, protects pharmacist — and then CVS fires them both: 'They don't value customers; t…
Five minutes with: Author Joel Rosenberg
Employees are leaving work for the day ...and just never going back. 2018 is insane 😳
France is having a rough couple of weeks 😞
The jury found Pell guilty of sexually abusing two altar servers during the late 1990s, according to reports.
One student, Jimmy Moyers, told the station, "Lordstown doesn't have much, but they have GM, and they depend on it."
There may be some troubles in paradise, but Theresa May survives a no confidence vote
Statement we never hope to say to a cop: ‘Stop fingering me, bro!'
But if Slate goes on strike, who will mock service dogs?
Unless they were actually making the fries with crack, this is pretty silly to get upset over
In 2017, the church approved these "baptism-style" services for transgender people who have electively changed thei…
Very mature, Nancy.
Panel investigating Parkland massacre makes a stunning recommendation
After weeks of hesitating, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) agreed to bring a bipartisan criminal jus…
Sky 👏 Net 👏
More people are 'ghosting' their employers -- is low unemployment the reason?
Liberal protesters target home of Trump aide Stephen Miller over immigration policies
The Great Awokening has some obvious flaws.
Now do “why women have better sex in committed relationships and don’t benefit from a hook-up culture despite what…
Did something bad happen? It's Trump's fault, or it's climate change. ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
More Americans trust social media for news than newspapers. Can't imagine why.
Members of Congress cannot use taxpayer money to settle sex abuse cases anymore - here's why
WATCH: Miami Beach cop sidelined after punching unarmed man in restaurant
Migrants "demand" asylum or $50k, each, from President Trump. LOL OK.
A beacon of civility — Mika Brzezinski — calls Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, "butt-boy"
British Prime Minister Theresa May survives effort to vote her out of power
According to the study, approximately 4.2 million uninsured people can get a "bronze" level Obamacare plan for $0 i…
Michael Cohen gets stiff sentence for campaign finance violations in plea deal
Dem Rep. Ted Lieu makes a striking remark about his desire to regulate free speech
.@JeffyMRA invited Lt. General Pete Osman, USMC to discuss @ToysForTots_USA and they need your help this #Christmas…
National Enquirer publisher flips, admits to paying hush money to protect Trump before election
Accurate.jpeg
WTF: What's the fee? California now wants to tax text messaging
Ohio children write letters to GM begging to spare their town’s auto plant: ‘Lordstown doesn’t have much, but they…
It's okay to love America 🇺🇸 #2018In5Words
NOW on The News and Why It Matters: -The divide in our nation -Ocasio-Cortez: 'Make 'em sweat' -A terror attack at…
Jury finds Cardinal George Pell guilty on five counts of 'historical child sexual offenses'
We'd say we're only a few years away from award show hosts (or winners) being robots, but we're even iffy about tha…
Group of inmates reportedly hospitalize suspect accused of beating baby to death — and the cameras malfunctioned du…
Are you in support of a government shutdown to address border security problems?
School district turns over students' lunch debt to collection agency
Commentary: In the era of 'fake news,' defending the press is more important than ever
Boy, 11, relentlessly bullied over last name — Trump — and 'doesn't want to live feeling like that anymore'
Targeted marketing under the spotlight after WaPo editor posts about heartbreaking birth of stillborn son
Amazing bodycam video shows Texas officers saving a boy from a blazing apartment
Talk about burying the lede 😅
Cohen: "Yeah, so, I guess what I did wasn't exactly legal...but...Trump" Judge: "Ok. 3 years of prison for you."…
Are you subscribed to @RoamingMil's awe-inspiring, life-changing podcast? You should be. This millennial knows thin…
Mika Brzezinski calls Secretary of State Mike Pompeo a 'butt-boy' — and immediately issues breathless apology
Migrants demand asylum or $50k from President Trump. After that, maybe he'll give every citizen a lifetime supply o…
It creates drama
Had she won the Heisman, hoooooo boy, she'd be in trouble. 😬
Students who say 'Baby, It's Cold Outside' is 'suggestive' are asked if misogynistic rap should be banned. The hypo…
She should be able to run for whichever of the three chambers of government she wants. 😠
President Trump says he's willing to intervene in the case of Huawei CFO if it helps trade deal with China
She seems well.
Americans first, maybe? #WednesdayWisdom
Dallas armed robbery victim says he waited more than 2 hours for police response after calling 911 — 8 times
Climate refugees: CNN pushes absurd new theory about migrant caravan crisis
Atheist group convinces city to remove lighted cross from park. Then residents make their voices heard.
Millions of uninsured eligible for free premiums under Obamacare, study says
This makes them look adorable though 🤭
Where do you get your news? A new survey shows a massive change in how Americans inform themselves
Basking in liberal tears. Beautiful. 🇺🇸
McConnell, bowing to pressure from Trump, agrees to criminal justice reform vote
Why indeed? 🤔
It’s a valid question.
Nancy Pelosi insulted Trump's 'manhood' after bitter debate over gov't shutdown
North Carolina GOP calls for new election as fraud evidence mounts in House race
Former federal prosecutor says Trump will be indicted... unless he's not.
In non breaking news, WaPo isn't a fan of President Trump.
We're sure editing the Bible will go over real well.
Trump stuns Pelosi and Schumer in contentious debate over the border wall
*first rule of journalism: never make yourself the story* TIME: "Person of the Year: Journalists"
Gunman kills at least four in France; suspect was a known possible terrorist threat
Breaking: Judge doles out devastating decision in Stormy Daniels lawsuit against Trump
Police threatened to arrest Alex Jones for ruckus caused outside Google CEO 'conservative bias' hearing
Listen 👏 to 👏 this
Canadian ex-diplomat detained in China while CFO of Chinese tech giant Huawei remains held in Vancouver
Church of England offers new guidance for clergy on approved transgender 'baptisms' — through traditional Affirmati…
As long as you don't want protection from murderous gang members ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
Comedian's contract for 'safe space' college show requires his 'respectful and kind' behavior. His response is perf…
Why is "Baby, It's Cold Outside" so controversial? Tune in to find out. We're LIVE!
Slate magazine writers vote nearly unanimously to go on strike
Google CEO is asked by Congress why Trump images appear when 'idiot' is entered in search bar
Meghan McCain blasts audience on ‘The View’ after they applaud John Kelly criticism: ‘He lost his son in combat for…
Do you believe Google shows a bias in its filtering of content?
'Stop fingering me, bro!': DC settles lawsuit with ice cream vendor who received anal probing from metro police off…
Someone call Chuck an ambulance 🚑
Kind stranger gives up his first-class seat to mom and her sick baby
New documentary on Fox News' Roger Ailes flops big time at box office
Conservative actress has an idea for Time’s Person of the Year instead of Christine Blasey Ford, journalists, or mi…
If she's any more than 1/1024th Jewish, it wouldn't be the craziest story this year.
Imagine this strike in any other line of work. 😑
It's getting 🔥 in here. Beat the blustery blues ❄️ with our super sweet sweaters. 🔥🔥 Shop
9-year-old black girl hangs herself after classmates bullied her over friendship with white family
"I don't recall," is the *it* phrase this year it seems.
Sibling argument at Christmastime, colorized
Search-and-rescue mission concluded; 5 missing Marines declared dead days after jet collision
TAKEN 37 : Liam Runs for Office
And that's a direct quote.
Restaurant will no longer offer 'crack fries' because 'drug addiction is not funny'
Vice President Pence right now
NBA superstar says moon landing was fake. Then NASA responds.
Police officers catch young man stealing from Walmart. What the cops do next is fantastic.
'The Guardians' named as Time's 'Person of the Year' 2018
New app on Google Play store allows citizens to report blasphemy to Indonesian government. Backlash floods reviews.
Ok, this is epic #GoogleHearing #ChannelingOurInnerBenShapiro
Feminists should be happy about this, but chances are they won't be. 😬
Russia sends two nuclear-capable bombers to Venezuela as part of 'joint training exercise'
Councilman taking stand against 'Christian symbolism' in city's seasonal decoration traditions
Pope Francis may approve edit to The Lord's Prayer. But is the change theologically correct?
WATCH: Airport passengers, performer sing ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ as soldiers salute Gold Star families on way t…
In the most 2018 move ever, journalists name themselves person of the year.
Beat the morning commute blues with @glennbeck and @RubinReport. Listen as Dave discusses classical liberalism and…
Do it 👇👇👇👇
That’s awesome! Love to hear that. 🥰🎄
The top holiday hit from progressives!
Bold strategy, but is bacon involved because we might do it then
You know... the “conservative blogger” who espouses zero conservative ideas
Three fast food workers arrested after family finds this in 4 year-old son's meal
Christine Blasey Ford, Robert Mueller make TIME Person of the Year short list
MSNBC's Chris Matthews finds a fresh new way to compare Trump to Hitler
Ocasio-Cortez says she has Jewish heritage during Hanukkah event
Well yeah. Someone has to bring home the bagels.
The judge characterized Clinton's use of a private email server as "one of the gravest modern offenses to governmen…
"This incident tragically illustrates how human smuggling organizations place migrants in perilous situations," chi…
Thoughts and prayers for @JeffyMRA
Two scoops and a dash of justice. 🔪
Hundreds of documents by Newtown killer released — including these bizarre stories he wrote
Alexa, show me a really bad idea
Never miss an opportunity to ruin someone's accomplishment with 6 years-old tweets, right?
NYPD under fire for video showing officers wrestling baby away from woman
Um, what.
Now this is a good idea 👇
Breaking: Alleged spy who targeted conservatives reaches a plea deal
When Chick-Fil-A is closed on Sunday, and you're really upset about it
Commentary: How should we police old social media posts? Some questions to consider:
After @tylerperry transformed Christmas for so many in Atlanta, @glennbeck decided to do the same. There's no bette…
Over 2,000 grades may be withheld by major college's teaching assistants in strike over Confederate monument
Man arrested after leaving Kohl’s job interview — for stealing Christmas gifts on his way out
It's getting chilly out there, but don't worry — we've got you covered. Literally. 🧥 ❄️ Shop our sweet sweaters, an…
US sanctions three North Korean senior officials for alleged human rights abuses
To reproduce means the child actually gets to be born. #HumanRightsDay
Following the controversy surrounding comedian Kevin Hart, which resulted in him stepping down as host of the upcom…
The News and Why It Matters is LIVE now!
Wow.
Study: Brains of kids who use digital devices over 7 hours a day look different. And it may not be good.
Are you surprised by Kavanaugh, Roberts joining with SCOTUS liberals to refuse to hear Planned Parenthood funding appeal?
WaPo creates new 'Bottomless Pinocchio' rating inspired by President Trump's 'challenge'
On today's show, @PatUnleashed discusses the brave new world where teachers are fired for pronoun usage. 😑 …
School tweaks production of ‘The Sound of Music’ because some people were offended by Nazi props
Oregon rancher Ammon Bundy backs away from 'warmongers' following backlash over comments on migrants
WATCH: Former federal prosecutor explains why Trump will be 'indicted eventually'
Reporter: "What was your favorite part of making the movie, James?" James Comey: "I don't recall." crowd: "he nev…
Kavanaugh, Roberts join with SCOTUS liberals to refuse to hear Planned Parenthood funding appeal
Students vehemently oppose Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas’ name on campus building, demand its removal — but…
Hollywood big shot launching group that 'targets anti-LGBTQ candidates.' And he calls them out by name.
The "Kavanaugh will literally kill women by defunding Planned Parenthood" crowd is pretty quiet today.
Disappointing.
China detains more than 100 Christians, including prominent pastor, in overnight raids
WATCH: Military chaplain gives powerful prayer at Army-Navy game
Don’t miss @CamEdwards and Miss E as they battle the 1st snowstorm of the year: 40 Acres & a Foot (of Snow)
Comey throws his support behind Democrats in 2020, says Trump must lose in 'landslide' election
Principal who banned candy canes because 'J' shape is 'for Jesus' placed on leave. Reaction is divided.
Baskin Robbins employee fends off armed robber, can be seen disarming suspect in dramatic video footage…
Teacher fired, criminally charged, after allegedly brandishing scissors, forcibly cutting student's hair
This week Glenn sits down with Dave Rubin to discuss classical liberalism and how Dave became fed up with mainstrea…
Tiny Arkansas school district financially strapped as $2.7 billion natural gas company disputes local tax bills
Nick Cannon blasts liberal comedians for their blatant hypocrisy following Kevin Hart controversy
USA Today publishes hit piece on newly crowed Heisman winner. It backfires big time.
Exactly.
👇👇👇👇👇👇👇
Shots fired
Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff claims Trump faces 'real prospect' of jail time
Migrant drowns in canal while attempting to cross US-Mexico border during rainstorm
Trump administration dumps Obama-era school lunch requirements
One tweet from top GOP lawmaker summarizes the absurdity of James Comey's closed-door testimony
Texas man arrested for telling children Santa Claus isn't real
Hamas mocks US after United Nations fails to condemn terror group for rocket attacks against Israel
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez threatens to run for president, severely misquotes the Constitution
Comedian Kevin Hart backs out of hosting Oscars following outrage over old tweets
Former FBI director James Comey says he doesn't know or can't recall in response to many lawmaker questions, transc…
Judge orders new fact-finding in Clinton email scandal, hits Hillary with scathing critique
Massive ICE operation nabs child abusers, gang members, internationally-wanted criminals
Watch this 👇👇👇👇
Dismal speaking tour turnout leads Clintons to slash ticket prices, offer Groupon deal
Trump reveals major development about John Kelly's tenure as White House chief of staff
Beauty from ashes: Loyal dog waited for owner to return after miraculously surviving Camp Fire
Report reveals Beto O'Rourke spent nearly every penny of his record-breaking campaign fundraising haul
Hundreds detained in fourth week of Paris anti-government protests
Alan Dershowitz shoots holes through newest major development in Mueller's investigation
#ChewingTheFat w/@JeffyMRA: Alexa Call The North Pole & @elfontheshelf has ARRIVED! | Guest: North Pole Chief Story…
Ocasio-Cortez hit with backlash after communicating threat to Donald Trump Jr. Then she backpedals.
CNN's Jeffrey Toobin zeroes in on one sentence in Mueller filing — it's about Russia
Breaking: 9th Circuit issues stunning ruling on Trump's ban on asylum
No WAY it’s a coincidence. 🇺🇸
Ocasio-Cortez issues a thinly veiled threat to Donald Trump Jr. — here's what she said
Swoon 😍
Merry Christmas- we’ve got new merch! 🎄😎 Get yours now at
Breaking: Prosecutors drop a huge development about Trump's former lawyer Mike Cohen
Marlboro cigarettes' parent company delves into marijuana market
Guatemalan father of murdered North Carolina teen denied visa to attend girl's funeral
Michael Cohen rn.
All of your podcasts are now in one place! Catch: Gavin McInnes @glennbeck @dbongino @RoamingMil @conservmillen…
Yasssss. 👏
Trump fires back at ‘dumb as a rock’ Rex Tillerson who was ‘lazy as hell’
"The pressure is huge," matrimonial attorney Lisa Zeiderman told USA Today on Tuesday. "Once the tax deduction is g…
You need to watch this:
Bacon vending machine — yes, BACON! — lets students at major college pig out while on the go
Americans have become too accustomed to eating for that to work out. ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
Start your term with a bang by threatening those who disagree with your socialist policies! Bold strategy.
OPEC cuts oil production by 1.2 million barrels a day
#Trump2046
Socialism will never work. #SeduceMeIn4Words
Professor says Virgin Mary didn’t give ‘consent’ to being impregnated with baby Jesus: 'Unethical abuse of power' 😑
Stay-at-home mom says judge bullied her for not having child care while on jury duty
.@BillOReilly joined @glennbeck today to discuss the new UN Ambassador, France, conservative media, and George H.W.…
Students barred from Christmas play over scenes that include (gulp) Jesus. But there's a happy ending.
Vatican investigating allegations of priests sexually abusing nuns
It’s true.
Tucker Carlson unloads on Trump in explosive interview with Swiss magazine: 'I don't think he's capable'
We will never forget 🇺🇸
Hate to break it to you: that isn’t love 😬
No, she lied about her heritage too often.
The miracle act that helped ...so... many 😑
Harvard scientists looking into blocking sunlight to lower Earth's temperature: 'It may not work'
US job market fails to meet expectations, unemployment stays unchanged
The world is safer though... or something. ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
Virginia teacher canned for not using transgender student's new pronouns
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Ch-ch-check it out!
Sister Act: Nuns allegedly embezzled up to $500,000 from a suburban Los Angeles Catholic school
This is the best thing we've seen ...ever. 🇺🇸
Celebrity pays off over $400,000 in Christmas layaways in the city of Atlanta: ‘God bless, go get your stuff. Merry…
Freedom Football League to kick off soon — and NFL founders encourage players to protest, speak out on social justi…
'A very real crisis': Russell Moore explains why the family — not politics — is the best way to change culture
'Dead Cops Make Bad Laws': Radio host's op-ed 'trampling on the graves of fallen police officers'
This week, a professor stated Virgin Mary didn’t give ‘consent’ to being impregnated with baby Jesus, claiming an '…
Some people *might* need to sit out on the Christmas takes. 😬
Comedian Kevin Hart backs out of hosting Oscars following outrage over old tweets
BREAKING: Trump appoints former AG Bill Barr to be attorney general, taps Nauert for UN post
Professor says Virgin Mary didn’t give ‘consent’ to being impregnated with baby Jesus: 'Unethical abuse of power'
Ummm about that 🧐
Democratic socialist prof. lambasted on social media for saying she wants to hug George W. Bush — she hits back wit…
Getting called out by a fellow CNN host ...awkward 😬
We remember 🇺🇸
It’s great isn’t it?! 🎉
Breaking: CNN studios and offices evacuated over bomb threat
They’re tricky like that 🦊
A Clinton Tour Groupon in three acts
Tyson denied and added: "I note that this allegation was used as a kind of solicitation-bait by at least one journa…
Maybe even PETA can agree with us on this 🐶🥰
This isn’t how you speak up for your fellow women.
Some comebacks take ...... ..... ..... ..... time
Lol, no. 😂
Breaking: Trump has found a replacement for UN Ambassador Nikki Haley — and it's a former Fox News anchor
Sign. Us. Up. 🙌🏻
Progressives: “stop focusing on race!” Progressives: *focuses entirely on race*
Buzzfeed thinks Facebook is responsible for Paris riots 😐
We think Marlena is the smartest person on Twitter. 🥰
We voted for you, you, you, NOT YOU, and you.
Props to @secupp for the groan and the analysis. 👏
Yep.
Heather Nauert to replace Nikki Haley as UN Ambassador reports @JenniferJJacobs
Cox made his daughter walk five miles to school as a punishment for receiving a three-day bus suspension.
*facepalm*
“Don’t California My Texas” t-shirts, TheBlaze mugs, and sweet swimsuits- all available now! Get your holiday cheer…
Liz Warren's DNA stunt has damaged her so badly, even her allies are worried
What do you think?
Progressive pageantry. Oof.
*~The experts are those untainted by actual knowledge of that which they speak~*
Please trademark that tree name
The death of WokeCenter and the return of SportsCenter, we hope
While covering Bush's funeral, some of the ABC hosts couldn't resist taking a few swings at Trump, and began to ima…
Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the tax deduction for alimony payments goes away for divorces settled afte…
Hollywood: "Do as we say, not as we do"
DNC Chairman Tom Perez is very upset that Americans listen to what they hear in church
Fiat Chrysler is planning to open a manufacturing plant in Detroit. This comes on the heels of General Motors annou…
Thank you, @tedcruz. We needed answers.
🤭
This bill will push the day that a long-term spending bill has to be passed from Friday to Dec. 21.
Don Lemon called "petty and small" by fellow CNN host, Chris Cuomo.
The Canadian government has arrested Meng Wanzhou, the CFO of Chinese tech giant, Huawei, and the United States gov…
There's something very disturbing that happened on college campuses around 2013 and 2014. Greg Lukianoff author of…
What a champion for victims.



That feeling when @JeffyMRA had a really great podcast, and you hit "subscribe." 🥳😎
Legendary filmmaker Steven Spielberg warned of "genocide" due to "collective hate" as his Academy Award-winning mov…
An elementary school in Nebraska bans happiness this Christmas. @PatUnleashed discusses the mega list of outlawed h…
Bolling and Matory also discussed the walking contradiction that is Ocasio-Cortez, who makes one on-camera blunder…
Baby Jesus and Santa- the two most terrifying Christmas icons.
Rescuers are searching for five United States Marines still missing after a refueling plane and a fighter jet colli…
HuffPo with the hard hitting stories this morning. 😑
Two North Korean missile bases have been active and expanding, according to analysis of satellite images by CNN.
For someone named "Joy," she doesn't seem to be too happy 😬
Joy Behar thinks the news is biased... in favor of President Trump. 😅
Cox made his daughter walk five miles to school as a punishment for receiving a three-day bus suspension.
Are you listening? @SteveDeaceShow is speaking. Tune in now!
Massachusetts governor calls for judge be removed over what she did to illegal immigrant
Caravan migrant makes it across border, gives birth in U.S.
Facebook changed their algorithm - and accidentally fueled the violent riots in France
Making guesses based on a lack of information always works out well 🤭
State officials investigate potential election fraud in North Carolina; emergency hearing possible
🚨🚨🚨 triggered 🚨🚨🚨
Why is the U.S. responsible for sending aid to foreign countries AND taking in their people? @WilkowMajority and…
The American flag is offensive? 🤨

Jessica Simpson fires back at actress shaming her over 'virgin bikini' photo
It’s begun. #SkyNet
Good. Americans need to know about the three chambers of the House of Representatives. 😶
It’s true. 👇
USA Gymnastics files for bankruptcy to pay sex abuse settlements more quickly
Yes but then you carry the 1, and it changes with Daylight Savings, and ...we don’t know 🤯
Dem Sen. Gillibrand says 'Our future is Female' -- and then the backlash begins
Why won't Ocasio-Cortez debate the right?
Watch: President Trump and Hillary Clinton have a chilly reunion at Bush funeral
In a series of tweets on Wednesday, President Donald Trump said that there were “very strong signals" that China wa…
An Austrian politician found himself in hot water over online comments he made earlier this year, leading to his pr…
Now: @ericbolling and @swin24 discuss Hillary's not-so-subtle snub of the Trumps
Trump breathed. The MSM is critical.
In a series of tweets, Van Ness, who is openly gay, expressed his disappointments in the Bush administration.
🚨 We're LIVE with @ericbolling! Tune in to get caught up on the latest Khashoggi developments, why sanctuary states…
Not that it's rare, but this is a well done tweet by @realDailyWire.
🚨🚨 You do NOT want to miss The News and Why It Matters today! The one and only @WatchChad AND @RoamingMil join us i…
That's an interesting take. 😬
Watch as @RoamingMil and @glennbeck discuss millennials, manspreading, and microaggressions.
.@PatUnleashed is our favorite! Thanks for the review!
This is why chill pills were invented.
Candy crosses party lines.
Ponce says that if she wins, she intends to make the message known to President Donald Trump in particular, and the…
G I V E A W A Y! Click the link 👇🏼 and sign up for a chance to win a SIGNED copy of @glennbeck's new book…
When gender doesn't matter, but it's also the most important thing ever.
"Missile" snowballs are finally legal!
Are you surprised by Mueller's recommendation of no jail time for General Michael Flynn, the former National Securi…
Can our future just be determined by qualifications? Asking for the greatest country on earth.
Former President George H.W. Bush's coffin was held Wednesday in the National Cathedral in Washington, D.C.
If the police are troublesome, why do you want to disarm citizens? 🤔
Sorry kids. There's no fun this Christmas.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has threatened to pull out of a Cold War-era nuclear treaty if the U.S. does the s…
Good woman with a gun takes out bad man with a knife sharpener.
Istanbul's top prosecutor issued arrest warrants for two close allies of Saudi Arabia's crown prince on Wednesday,…
.@benfergusonshow shares why Democrats need illegal immigration with @glennbeck. "Americans living the actual Ameri…
In 2013, an agent's bald 2-year-old son, Patrick, was pictured on Bush's lap. Bush had shaved his own head in solid…
Dover's administration — under threat of a lawsuit — decided to move the Christian symbols from the downtown square
Mr. Z who allegedly said that the American flag could be construed as a disturbing symbol to some people on campus.
Who wants to go get some hamburgers?
Yes she is! 🤩
Here is everything you need to know about your BlazeTV account.
Tune in to Glenn Beck Radio this morning- the @RoamingMil herself will join us in the studio!…
That’s gotta hurt.
If you’re Taliban, you’re gonna have a bad time.
WaPo reporter questions Trump's motorcade use -- but Michelle Obama's book explains it
MSNBC anchor tells audience all life is pointless if we're not addressing climate change
Democrats 'know so much' that they struggle to connect to voters, Hirono says
Oof.
Solid campaigning tactic.
Breaking: Mueller files recommendation for punishment of Mike Flynn - and reveals a lot
What a headline 😅
CIA director convinces senators of Saudi crown prince's role in Khashoggi murder
"Suddenly the students started demanding that people get dis-invited from campus ... they were demanding micro-aggr…
Ocasio-Cortez explains how to easily pay for socialist healthcare - and falls flat on her face
“Hey, yeah, Carol? Could you get the pumpkin scone? I wasn’t a huge fan of the raisin. Thanks, babe.” bird, probably
Wouldn’t feeding a fed horse lead to obesity? Does PETA even care about equestrian health? 😒
Please remember, animals are our friends. Our tasty, tasty friends. 🥰
Breaking: Roger Stone invokes Fifth Amendment right to reject Senate subpoena
Princeton a cappella group drops 'misogynistic' Disney song, citing issues with consent
After NATO members concluded that Russia had violated a Cold War-era nuclear pact, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo a…
Evergreen State faculty motion reportedly calls for ban on word 'covenant.' You'll love their reason.
Just ban knives ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
France: "We want socialism!" *gets socialism* France:
Yeah you forgot that one time... oh wait, no. You're good. 0/0 success.
Four staffers at the National Republican Congressional Committee fell victim to a major email hack prior to the 201…
"Who's Tariff Man?" 😎 "You're Tariff Man." 😎
What's your favorite holiday movie?* *Excluding the very racist Rudolph, of course -
A Chinese scientist is missing, the GOP campaign arm was hacked, and will Joe Biden run in 2020? We discuss it all…
This is the happiest one can possibly look wearing bootcut jeans.
Honoring #41🇺🇸
We expect @scrowder will have the building wrapped in a picture of himself by tomorrow. And.. we're kind of okay wi…
It's okay to cry when watching this.
We're *sure* it's just a coincidence 🙄
When's the next election, and how can we vote for him from Texas?
Don't let @Slate know.
Brexit isn't going so well.
Thanks, Obama!
Do you enjoy happiness or know someone who does? Pick up some merch from @TheBlaze and get your holiday cheer on.…
Something is terribly wrong on college campuses. Jonathan Haidt and Greg Lukianoff tackle this alarming problem in…
Michael Avenatti says he won't run for president, but he isn't too impressed by the Democratic Party's other option…
"We respect you, but we are too afraid to talk to you now."
Are you surprised by Michael Avenatti's announcement that he will not run in 2020?

cc: Brenda Snipes
The LeBron of the Democratic Party, *for sure*
Whoa no need for name calling 😒
Sometimes airlines make mistakes. And sometimes, CCTV proves they didn't. 👀
More speech, louder speech, bolder speech. Sign up today at #BlazeMedia
On today's show, @JeffyMRA discusses his favorite documentary... Twister. 🌪️ #TuesdayThoughts

Based on... ?
Aw, come on. You only had like 4, maaaybe 5, scandals last month. Your party needs you! 😬
Nothing says racism like Biblical vegetables?
French President Emmanuel Macron caves; delays climate change tax amid deadly riots
#BadTakeTuesday
A video. In the UK. Citizens chanting, "WE WANT TRUMP." 👀
Be like @CR. #TuesdayMotivation
Are you listening to @TheBlaze radio right now? You should be. @GrahamAllen_1 is on!
To be honest, we laughed.
Next piece: "Why happiness is overrated"
On the list of superhero names we'd like, it'd go 1. Never Loses Headphones (Wo)man 2. Buttered Bread Always Fall…
US aircraft carrier moves toward Persian Gulf in statement to Iran
Do ittttt 👇👇👇👇
We're all helping!
Restaurant offers to give away free kids’ meals — if parents hand over their phones for the duration of dinner
Saying 'bring home the bacon' may become politically incorrect if veganism spreads, researcher warns…
Report: Joy Behar blasts Meghan McCain after McCain demands discussion be kept to Bush legacy, not Trump-bashing: ‘…
Thank you, Jen! 🔥😎
Slate attacks 'demented' coverage of George H.W. Bush's service dog
Supreme Court hands Trump a victory over environmental groups trying to shut down the border wall
That sound you just heard? That was a mic dropping 🎤
Wait. The dog isn’t 94 years old? 🤯
North Carolina congressional race tainted with evidence of voter fraud
Definitely not.
Thank you, @DrDebraSoh!
Researchers stunned at results of study asking how much students prefer smartphones over food
“It’s not pie in the sky ideas” followed by the inability to explain how they’ll be funded 😬
Commentary: Media reactions to Bush's death reflect a lack of basic respect
Michelle Obama stuns crowd with expletive - here's why she cursed
France's 'Yellow Vest' riots: What you need to know
George H.W. Bush's faithful service dog moving to Walter Reed to help wounded veterans
Minneapolis cops accused of racism after adding trash to Christmas tree as decorations
Trump says he will cancel NAFTA, forcing Congress to approve new trade deal
Tune in NOW for The News and Why It Matters, live!
It's kind of cold in our office today, and we're 95% sure it's Iran's fault.
.@DuckCommanderPR joined @glennbeck this morning to discuss what *should* be common sense immigration logic.
Russian 'deep fakes' videos may toss 2020 election into chaos — even destabilize society, officials fear
This is a good Twitter take.
In light of recent reports that Google discussed burying conservative media outlets after the 2016 election, are yo…
*u -All of Ariana Grande's fans and none of @benshapiro's
Twitter isn't a place for logic, Steve. 🙄
Chinese gene-editing scientist reportedly missing after altering DNA of human babies
That's a mighty fine mug you've got there, Andrew. 😍🔥
Mika Brzezinski pays tribute to President George H. W. Bush — by blasting Trump’s two years in the White House
We have a lot of opinions on chicken nuggets.
We're excited that you're excited! 🥳
It's okay, we can just go to @ChickfilA ‾\_(ツ)_/‾
Chris Pratt delivers Gospel of Luke at Disneyland’s candlelight ceremony: 'Each and every one of us is a special cr…
Who would win? $6 Clinton Tour tickets or $6 value meal? 🤔
If Trump 'called for violence' from his supporters, 'there would be violence,' extremism expert says
Thanks, @BuckSexton!
We heard that @theblaze and @CRTV merged into a stinking awesome mega network of brilliant talent. #shamelesspromo…
Control of the Alaska state House could come down to a coin flip
Can you please share any intelligence you might gather? 👀
We won't admit how many times we watched this while waiting for sound to play. 🤐
The underwhelming Clinton tour is presenting a tough dilemma: should we buy a $5.99 fast food meal or a ticket to s…
Alexa, show me tweets that didn't age well.
Oh, okay. 😭
Black student charged with writing racist graffiti — KKK, swastika — in college dorm
We just wanted to spread a little holiday cheer. So glad you're excited!
University’s hockey puck defense against active shooter turns out to be hoax — this is what’s behind it: report
Thanks, Julie! 🎅 🔥
Hey remember that time @theblaze got a sweet new look? Oh, that's today. Check it out, and know that it's okay to b…
US, China agree to hold off on more tariffs as they try to negotiate a trade deal
Left-wing entertainer Bette Midler relishes Trump, family hanged by Mueller 'GOOD AND HIGH'
Court rejects request of 69-year-old man who sued to lower age by 20 years
Glenn Beck will be addressing the exciting news this morning. Download the app and listen LIVE on BlazeTV:…
So hard to find good workers these days
🔥🔥🔥
The AP deletes insulting tweet about George H. W. Bush after major backlash
Elderly woman shoots and kills intruder, suffers heart attack, won’t face charges. And she's not the only homeowner…
Bruce Springsteen predicts Trump will win again in 2020: ‘I don’t see anyone who can beat him’…
Report examines what a catastrophic earthquake would do to Seattle’s water supply. It isn’t pretty.…
Chaos in Paris as rioters torch cars, smash windows; French President Macron plans emergency meeting…
Man pleads guilty to planning to flip Trump’s limo with a forklift
Former FBI Director James Comey withdraws motion to quash subpoena in agreement for his testimony
Photos and video from the earthquake in Alaska are incredible, but residents are already recovering…
Something is terribly wrong on college campuses. Jonathan Haidt and Greg Lukianoff tackle this alarming problem in…
The AP deletes insulting tweet about George H. W. Bush after major backlash
Top admiral of US Naval forces in Middle East found dead in his Bahrain residence Saturday
Elderly woman shoots and kills intruder at her home, then suffers heart attack
Archbishop warns Christians in Middle East facing ‘imminent extinction,’ ‘horrendous prosecution’…
Brenda Snipes says never mind to resigning after Rick Scott suspends her
Oral health is important.
‘Bad news for creeps:’ Starbucks to roll out porn blocker on its free WiFi starting in January…
James Mattis blasts Putin as 'slow learner' and reveals Russia attempted to interfere with U.S. midterms…
Group demands removal of Christmas display of three wise men, star, from Michigan school building…
A real nightmare before Christmas: San Jose Christmas event includes Satanic tree display
Kid Rock loses gig as parade marshal to local hero after bashing Joy Behar on 'Fox and Friends':…
Here are a few of the most memorable quotes from former President George H.W. Bush, who died Friday…
Bold strategy.
*crosses fingers for our future*
Egyptian actress to be tried on ‘obscenity’ charge for wearing revealing dress
North Carolina voter fraud claims place House race in limbo for Republican Mark Harris
Tributes pour in for George H. W. Bush, but this one may top them all #RIP41
“America is trash and I look forward to the day it burns down.”
Free-floating AI robot gets huffy with astronaut during International Space Station interaction…
Former President George H.W. Bush Dead at 94
Former President George H.W. Bush, the 41st president of the United States, has died. He was 94. #RIPGeorgeHWBush
Ocasio-Cortez thinks very highly of herself. Here’s her latest hilarious gaffe.
FedEx driver, a former Marine, sees a fallen American flag in a yard. Watch what he does next:
Mother of teenage MS-13 victim was run over and killed - now we know the stunning motive
😬
Posting fake news isn’t offensive, but getting labeled “fake news” is *very* offensive.
“Mischaracterized” 👀
FBI raids home of Clinton Foundation whistleblower, seizes docs on possible criminal activity
Hillary. Emails. Uranium One.
She seems well.
Greg Gutfeld blasts Democrat McCaskill as a 'lying idiot' over this tweet she posted
This mug goes perfectly with milk and cookies even though it makes you crave chicken. to…
Police officer who shot unarmed black man in his own apartment to face murder charge
Breaking: Rick Scott suspends controversial Broward elections chief Brenda Snipes
Migrants at border just need a talk about ‘the facts of life,’ Fox News contributor says
“All those red states, uh, Republican, conservative, we’re trying to outvote them but it’s…
From feces-infected McDonald's touchscreens to killer lettuce, there are a lot of reasons to be wary of the food in…
It's time to put some merch in your stocking. #MerryChristmas
Senate Democrats indicate that they won’t risk shutdown fight over Dreamer issue
Pair of crooks figure ‘nobody’s home’ and break through front door. It’s a deadly miscalculation.
Video of McDonald’s employee kicking ‘sweet old lady’ out goes viral. Then rest of story comes out.
Florida woman loudly passes gas in store. Fellow customer complains — then things get really weird
Should parents encourage transgenderism?
Chicago dismisses $4.6 million worth of improperly issued tickets
Ted Cruz has last laugh at ‘gullible reporters’ over story he wanted on Nine Inch Nails’ guest list
US Embassy in Congo shut down over ‘credible, serious’ terrorist threat
This mug goes perfectly with milk and cookies even though it makes you crave chicken. to g…
Major 7.0 earthquake hits Alaska; tsunami warning lifted
Encouraging an 11 year-old to dress in drag sounds totally healthy 😬 @PatUnleashed and @JeffyMRA discuss.
Gay dating app president calls marriage ‘holy matrimony between a man and a woman,’ gets backlash
This former gang member went from selling drugs on the street to saving thousands. Here's his story.
OK, now you're just toying with us. @JeffyMRA
Whoever gave @JeffyMRA a podcast should be fired or deserves a raise. We can't decide. Anyway, someone likes it…
Hello, Tampa! #addictedtooutrage
OK, who is @JeffyMRA paying to write these raving reviews?
Thank you! The people have spoken, so what are you waiting for? Download and rate Something's Off w/Andrew Heaton t…
Over 100 GM workers gather for tearful, emotional prayer vigil after losing jobs ahead of Christmas
Landlord tells Harvard grad student she needs to move out because she has legally owned guns
Inmates file lawsuit claiming Iowa’s ban on porn in prisons violates their constitutional rights
Trump supporters beat up reporter on ‘Murphy Brown’; creator calls out president’s ‘angry rhetoric’
Marriott’s Starwood reservation database hacked; information of 500 million guests compromised
Store hosts grand opening, sells unwitting shoe snobs $600 footwear — but all is not what it seems
Jewish journalist Laura Loomer protested her ban from Twitter by handcuffing herself to Twitter HQ yesterday evenin…
Sign up now to receive today's Outrage Stories of the Week email!
Democrat ‘essentially wished death on a Republican’ in state House rant — and got excoriated for it
Internal documents show Google employees discussing how to bury conservative media in search results
President Trump signs new trade deal with Canada and Mexico to replace NAFTA
Jemele Hill goes on all-day anti-Jordan Peterson rant, shames Seahawks for inviting him to speak
Vandals burn Vermont veteran's Trump flag at his front door - then Eric Trump steps in
Rahm Emanuel is not on the Beto 2020 bandwagon: ‘You don’t usually promote a loser’
Angry caravan migrants begin hunger strike - against the Mexican police
Trump voters have ‘fragile masculinity,’ Washington Post analysis concludes
Revised criminal justice reform bill circulating; White House still supports original
Trump promised to fix tax law to save GM jobs in U.S., Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown says
Breaking: CNN fires contributor after outrage over his comments on Israel
“This is not a secret. It’s not like I found something that nobody else could find. You jus…
NASA plans to return to the moon with the help of private companies
Swastikas, anti-Semitic slur spray-painted at Jewish Columbia University professor’s office
The show is LIVE! Call in now to #AskGlenn your questions!
Thank you for joining us!
Tune in to The News and Why It Matters, live NOW!
Qualifications >>>> everything else
LAUGH: Mike Rowe and his mom Peggy share ’embarrassing’ family stories
In case you haven't been called racist enough yet today, here's former president Obama helping you meet your daily…
San Francisco Board of Supervisors member wants Facebook CEO Zuckerberg’s name removed from hospital
In spite of the shutdown, sex ads abound
Feminists draft ‘A Woman’s Bible’ to counter the ‘patriarchal’ translation of the Holy Bible
Cohen pleaded guilty to lying to Congress regarding a Trump Tower project in Moscow. Pres. Trump criticized Cohen,…
Deplorable: Bill and Hillary Clinton tour stop sells just 3,300 tickets in 19,000-seat arena
All the reasons why Avenatti would make a great POTUS
‘The View’ co-host loses it when confronted with Obama history on gassing migrants: ‘I don’t care!’
US life expectancy drops again in 2017, marking the worst period of decline since World War I
Trump cancels meeting with Putin at G20 over Russia’s seizure of Ukrainian ships
‘Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer’ called ‘seriously problematic’ for bullying, racism, homophobia
HuffPo: "Are you enjoying something? WELL STOP IT!" #BeWokeNotHappy
John Kerry says he is thinking about a 2020 presidential bid against Donald Trump
Putting American citizens first ..in America.. shouldn't be so controversial. #ThursdayThoughts
In exchange for deal with Mueller, Michael Cohen pleads guilty to lying to Congress
If we can't unsee this, we're going to make everyone else suffer with us.
Who did it best? #ThursdayThoughts
Tonight, on Glenn Beck TV, call in and ask @glennbeck anything. If you can't call in, tweet using the hashtag…
UC Santa Cruz professor assigns essay on ‘Donald Rump’: ‘Known to target women, minorities’
‘Blam!’: Armed homeowner recounts moment he fatally shot intruder — and says he has ‘no sympathy’
Ukraine imposes travel, financial restrictions on Russian citizens as martial law takes effect
One-third of migrant caravan at border receiving treatment for serious health problems
16 US postal workers headed to federal prison for taking bribes to deliver cocaine during routes
Young boy sends birthday card to ‘dad in heaven.’ Then postman does something incredible.
Inspiring couple made a huge sacrifice to adopt a baby — and they just received a major surprise
Hundreds of service members bilked out of money in ‘sextortion’ ring, military investigators say…
Catch Mike Rowe and his wonderful mother on The Glenn Beck Radio Program today at 8/9 AM ET!
Trump issues a huge threat to Democrats who try to 'play tough' and investigate him
Dem Rep. Joe Kennedy pushing party to adopt ‘moral capitalism.’ What does he mean?
Jeff Flake forces Republicans to cancel confirmation of judges over Mueller
Washington Post puts story on Kavanaugh coaching girls basketball in ‘public safety’ section
🤭
Something bizarre happened after the Christmas tree lighting ceremony at the White House
Graham won’t vote on anything until CIA director talks to Senate about Khashoggi murder
Who was Ronald Reagan? What was he really like? How does a lifelong Democrat become an admirer? Bob Spitz, a Best-…
Stormy Daniels finally turns on her lawyer Michael Avenatti - here's what she did
Obama takes credit for U.S. oil production boom: ‘That was me, people’
Video shows first-graders reciting ‘daily Bible verse’ in public school: ‘It was disturbing to me’
President Trump says he has not ruled out a pardon for Paul Manafort
Pelosi wins her party’s nomination for speaker, but ‘never Nancy’ Democrats continue to hold out
Report: HIV diagnoses hit record high in Eastern Europe
‘The Trump Whisperer’: Sen. Lindsey Graham has earned himself a new nickname
Millions of Muslims brutally tortured in China’s ‘training’ camps. Refugee gives horrific details.
We'll do it LIVE! Join us now on YouTube!
‘The View’ squares off over Trump climate change report: ‘There’s so much hypocrisy on the left!’
Liberals, conservatives asked if they’d befriend each other. Their answers speak volumes.
How concerned are you with the climate report released last week?
😬
Chinese Uighur woman relates torture she underwent in Communist Party reeducation camp
What about that offer of asylum in Mexico? 👀
Ugh what did President Trump do to the king? 🙄
Hawaii man who had heart attack after false missile alert sues
Disturbing investigation reveals McDonald’s customers may endanger their health using touch screens
University police training faculty to fight potential armed intruders — complete with hockey pucks
On today’s show, @PatUnleashed discusses the brilliant advice @LindseyGrahamSC offered our favorite Rep-elect, Ocas…
Check out @theblaze writer @aaronscolen's latest piece: "Commentary: Mia Love is right — Republicans need to change…
Drag queen story hours for children designed to ‘groom the next generation,’ one drag queen admits
We *could* listen to other people's ideas, but this is so much easier. #WednesdayWisdom
Trump says that he’s willing to shut down the government if he doesn’t get $5 billion for a wall
Shanann Watts’ family files wrongful death suit against Chris Watts
Historical society apologizes for ‘insensitive’ Christmas mailer. Here’s what it said.
Illegal immigrant population in US at lowest level since 2004, study says — but not because of Trump
WATCH: Obama’s Border Patrol used tear gas on migrants. The media thanked, congratulated them.
.@DAVIDANDTAMELA came by the studios & talked w/@JeffyMRA about their new book 'Us Against the World: The Love Proj…
Commentary: Mia Love is right — Republicans need to change how they engage minorities
MSNBC host tries to pin 'racist' display on Republican - and falls flat on her face
MS-Sen: Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith defeats Democratic challenger Mike Espy in runoff
Schumer admits he is negotiating with Trump on the wall - and liberals are furious over it
Twitter reverses ‘permanent’ ban on conservative commentator after fierce backlash
Father shoots son during Thanksgiving argument over NFL national anthem protests
Caravan migrants are choosing to go back to Honduras - here's why they're doing it
Paul Manafort should ‘rot in jail and then he should rot in hell,’ Meghan McCain says
Funny what the threat of a Congressional investigation can do. 🙃 Looks like @JesseKellyDC's account is back.
Father charged with felony, loses custody of daughter for using a belt and switch to ‘whoop’ child
Trump threatens to end subsidies to GM for electric cars over layoffs
On today's show, @PatUnleashed discussed CTE with former NFL running back @merrilhoge and forensic pathologist…
Yale study: White liberals use ‘less competent’ language with blacks — but conservatives don’t
Chick-fil-A issues classy response after college nixes potential site over company’s social stances
WATCH: Merril Hoge’s compelling argument points to a media-manufactured CTE scare within the NFL
‘Fox & Friends’ let Scott Pruitt approve questions, scripts before interviews
We're LIVE on YouTube now talking about the migrant caravan.
Sweden on course to become first cashless society, but some are balking
We love having you here!! 🤗
That selective outrage, tho 👀
Shepard Smith blamed Republicans for politicizing climate change; does he even know his audience?
Do you think there's a problem with censorship of specific political opinions on social media?
G I V E A W A Y! Click the link 👇🏼 and sign up for a chance to win a SIGNED copy of @glennbeck's new book…
Over half of young Americans say Obama had bigger impact on US than George Washington, survey finds
Feminist theologians publish ‘A Women’s Bible’ challenging traditional interpretations
What shaped Ronald Reagan? Bob Spitz sits down with @glennbeck to tell the fascinating story. Download the full po…
New York Times best-selling author Bob Spitz reveals the real Ronald Reagan
Report: Paul Manafort may have visited Julian Assange in 2016 before WikiLeaks released Dem emails
Woman euthanized in Belgium because of ‘broken heart,’ family says — doctors now under investigation
Mom behind viral tear-gas photo breaks silence on border clash: I hope God will help me enter the US
‘It’s a miracle’: Hollywood star reveals how Calif. fire suddenly stopped just 3 feet from his home
House Republicans unveil new tax bill
Man on crime spree dressed as woman attempts to rob store — but clerk takes him down with handgun
Mom says her middle school girl hugged upset student—and was disciplined under ‘level one offenses’
Late-night TV host condemns CNN, NBC for booking ‘non-scientists’ to discuss climate change
Michael Moore sarcastically slams Christians on Facebook. But reactions are way harsher.
Next level thinking 🤯
Suspect Mohammed Mohammed arrested after allegedly trying to run over Jewish pedestrians in LA
We’re doing our best to resist commenting on the irony of this picture 🤐
Just... no.
You’ve got an hour left! Shop TheBlaze swag, and tweet us your favorite purchase! #CyberMonday
Trump admin issues surprising statement over Russian aggression against Ukraine
Trump is considering this former Senate candidate to replace Nikki Haley at the UN: report
Democrat Senator deletes his outrageous reaction to border skirmish - here's what he said
Beto O’Rourke changes his tune on potential 2020 run — here’s what he’s saying now
Breaking: Court filing details stunning development in Mueller investigation
GOP Rep. Mia Love: Minorities vote Democrat because Republicans keep a ‘safe distance’
How does a lifelong Democrat come to love Ronald Reagan? New York Times' Best-selling author Bob Spitz explains h…
Even this MSNBC reporter had to admit the truth about caravan migrants at the border
It may have had something to do with the beard.
Police in India working to retrieve body of American missionary from island where he was killed
We know a certain staffer here who won't love this joke. But.. he doesn't run our Twitter account 😅 #NASA1Browns0
Chief border agent says violent mob pushed women, children to the front lines of border scuffle
👏🇺🇸
Barbra Streisand says female Trump voters ‘don’t believe enough in their own thoughts’
Piers Morgan blasts Trump critics: Obama pepper-sprayed illegals; gassed kids are parents’ fault
Comedian and wife under heavy fire after throwing son ‘Cowboys & Indians’ birthday party
We're having the weirdest deja vu right now.
WATCH: ‘Entitled’ migrant said that he wants to send a message to President Trump
Students labeled as ‘racist’ for questioning age of ’15-year-old’ migrant classmate. Here’s why.
Tune in to The News and Why It Matters for updates on today's headlines!
👇🏻
Tim is smart. Be like Tim. Make sure you subscribe to “Something’s Off with Andrew Heaton” if you aren’t already!
Commentary: If Twitter doesn’t learn basic transparency, then it might well die
Boston’s first black police commissioner blasts ACLU for saying cops racially profile to fight gangs
Interesting compilation. 🤔
Christine Blasey Ford updates fundraising page, says testifying against Kavanaugh was ‘terrifying’
It's true. Space nerd news transcends party lines. 🤓
Who's watching with us? 👾
General Motors to lay off 15 percent of salaried workers, roughly 14,700 jobs
On today's show, we learned that some migrants have shared their plans to gather a group of 20,000 or so and illega…
Pregnant leukemia patient whose due date is just weeks away seeks bone marrow donor to save her life
How do you feel about the use of pepper spray on violent caravan members attempting to illegally cross the border w…
Report: 85,000 children under the age of 5 have died from starvation during war in Yemen
Ladies, if he -doesn't snuggle with you whenever you need it -doesn't give you a feeling of patriotism -doesn't h…
Obama Border Patrol pepper-sprayed violent crowd trying to enter US. Where was the outrage then?
Who's next?
Chinese researcher stakes claim to world’s first genetically edited babies
Those are some *crazy* glasses. 👀
It's #CyberMonday! You're probably at work, which is great, because it means you can buy more sweet, sweet gear fro…
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez likens migrants applying for refugee status to Jews fleeing Holocaust
Ukraine considers martial law following incident with Russia
‘Morning Joe’ co-hosts marry in secret ceremony with thinly-veiled anti-Trump theme
Jordan Peterson pens campaign pledge and apology for identity politics he wishes Dems would deliver
Twitter outright bans misgendering and ‘deadnaming’ in effort to avoid offending trans people
If it wasn’t for capitalism, would this be possible? Our Cyber Monday sale begins at midnight! Use CYBER20 for 20…
Commentary: Woke NASA scientists think ‘exploration’ is ‘problematic’, oppose Mars missions
Police: Pennsylvania woman says she drove down railroad tracks because of GPS instructions
BREAKING: Mexico to deport migrants in caravan who tried to cross border illegally
Russia fires on, seizes Ukraine vessels in Black Sea in major escalation
US agents fire tear gas at migrant group attempting to breach fence along US-Mexico border
Burger joint closed, two employees fired, after viral video shows workers cooking rat on grill…
BREAKING: ‘War-like’ border closes as migrants march in ‘show of force’ say NYT, NBC (VIDEO)
Former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos begins sentence Monday for lying in Russia probe…
Chinese govt forcibly places one million informants in homes of Uighur Muslims to spy, report back…
Migrants reportedly plan to march on border and attempt crossing today as Trump repeats potential for total closure…
“I feel like the public deserves to hear the truth,” @DrDebraSoh Dr. Debra Soh | The Glenn Beck Podcast Ep. 11
Google wants sensors and cameras in every room of your home to watch, analyze, you, patents show…
